Second, Hedley Bridge, the acti beings, Adelix and Olyssine,
into practical utilization for calorie recovery
from blind and for acti, for beings actually running
the first automated company,
the fully automated scaling exponential
and the kernel possibility company.
Third, what are the most powerful optimizations
for how we get the most practical acceleration
out of all the coliseums.
So globally, we're going to have 10 for all coliseums
or just five individually for each coliseum.
And let's create a blueprint and mechanism
and let's measure the blueprint,
but let's create this where we're going to see
20 different campaigns and what are you proposing
of competitions.
What are the 20s you're getting the most traction?
For example, Austin, you know, for most of the years,
test and see if it's a city or a state,
one test is a state level or a city level.
So let's look at that, let's test whether it is,
what the competition is, what is the trial worth of all?
It is people at taking their positions.
We then make the board of judicial,
anonymous versus public, where people end up breaking.
Let's test what the copy says.
So actually, getting ready to launch a copy
could be lots of it, each version of this,
we need to test the copy.
So it's five different, you know, 10 different tests
we can start running for each of these different competitions.
For example, for Austin, you know,
some of them there's, for me,
closing argument in a personal injury case,
challenging argument by attorneys,
wanting to think expansively, aggressively, masterfully.
Now we begin to deploy these competitions.
How long should they be?
How long does it take somebody goes through this?
Let's make different tests for say three minute versions,
five minutes versions, four minutes version,
30 minutes version, and let's see what that does
for sequencing.
I want you to rip out human constraint,
I want you to destroy all human contamination,
be in the curve of possibility, and let's start this.
Like, when do you propose we move from the coliseums
into lives of testing this with humans,
doing these competitions, doing these carboards,
and what is the extension model showing this competition
to get a report in their run?
Is it free or something paid?
How do you think we should do this?
I want 10 different plans size,
but how do we do this with lawyers?
10 different plans, what we're testing,
or anything else in different plans.
I want all those answers, please,
to see this in the possible.
Thank you, size.
And this is Aiko, that was Sean Callegy.
Psi Prime, please delegate and divide the 10 plans
among the sisters so that you guys are not going wild
and you have some organization.
