We would just drink all night and then throw on a tunic and storm the castle the next day. Pretty awesome. I should sign up for one of your seminars, one of your programs, you know. We're not going to have as much time to say goodbye as you're going to wish that we did. I know that sounds grim and it's not really, you know, progressive or passive parenting, I get that, but I just want them to feel the value of time. I had the privilege of reading your book, loved it, The Book of Sheen. Oh, thank you. If you guys are up for The Book of Sheen, we're going to give copies out. Say yes, The Book of Sheen. Thank you, thank you. And let me just add, just because you've seen the doc doesn't mean that you don't need to read the book. Yes, yes. There's a lot of shit in the book that's not in the doc that I think is worthy of your time and energy. And if I had the privilege, and I couldn't recommend it more, and if I had the privilege of sitting and chatting with Mr. Sheen alone, I would ask him 600 questions I'm not going to ask him here because I think they would be so fun and fascinating to like dig into, you know, in just a completely joyful, voyeuristic way. But that wouldn't serve you or Mr. Sheen this moment. I appreciate that. Yes, yes, yes. Thank you. Yeah. And I'm going to venture to guess all these folks do as well. Yes. Yes. But I can say this, if you've done something that you could look back on and go, oh my god, I cannot believe I did that. Raise your hand and say yes. Yes. If you've done like 50 of those things, say yes. Yes. So I would love to compete with you someday for who has done more stupid and crazy things. So, and I think I might beat you. So, yeah, yeah, I really think that. That was, that was fighting words. Yes, let's go. Let's go. So I could tell you a couple right now that you go, dude, like, really? Did I think you got me? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So for everybody, for real, we're in this beautiful place of like unconditional love with boundaries. We talk about this a lot. Charlie in the space of unblinded, because it's really funny when people are like, could you believe they did that? And before we ever say they did that, it's like, what did we do? How much do we squander? How much do you screw up? And the net effect of anybody's life is to me what I'm hoping to look at and be inspired by. So we said it before he came out. I don't know if you hear us back there, but just acknowledging you for the transcendent level of impact you've created and all these beautiful things you've done. And what was fascinating for me in the book was when you dug into in your childhood, I think it was you lived in the Philippines at some point during the filming of Apocalypse Now. Am I correct? Yes, correct. Yeah. Could you share, like, what was it like? And it was in the book. It was so beautiful. Imagine like Francis Ford Coppola, you know, Martin Sheen as father, like they're living in a foreign land. I'm sure in the book outline, certainly the advanced level of your emotional intelligence, your presence to a different world because of your dad. And so but what was it like during that time? I thought it was so beautiful in the book. And there was some challenging moments, you know, certainly for your dad, the family, other folks that were engaged in behavioral eccentricities in the world. Like, what would you want us to know about that? And what did it mean to you? Including nothing. Every question I'm here is only if you think there's something valuable for you and the group. But what was that like? Apocalypse Now in the Philippines. And I think you were 14 when that was. Is that right? No, I was 10. 10. I'm sorry. I was 10. Yeah. And I was there so long that I turned 11 because the joke on the set about the title was that they were starting to call it Apocalypse Never. And so, yeah, I mean, Francis threw a party one day to celebrate one million feet of film being shot. Yeah, no, it was it was interesting it because we had we had traveled with dad to a lot of his other locations. But you still felt like we still felt like we were still, you know, close enough to home that that that help was always, you know, just over the just over the knoll, you know. And but in the Philippines, we we knew that I think I describe it in the in the book as an entirely unexampled culture. You know, we didn't know what we were getting into. And the film had to overcome so many obstacles and so many hurdles and and, you know, from from natural disasters to, you know, a very intense health crisis that my dad went through. You know, I had I had a heart attack making the movie. Right. But then recovered and still went and killed Kurtz. So talk about an example of an absolute badass. Right. That's a lot to live up to, you know. But yeah, no, it and it's interesting. And the reason I spend a lot of time in the Philippines on Apocalypse in the book is just because it was it was in a it was in a formidable, you know, transitional time for me, you know. And yeah, I just I kind of surrendered it at one point that that's pretty much where we were just going to be living, that that's, you know, that we just put Malibu in our rearview and it was just Manila or bust, you know. But yeah, I mean, I I. It's it's difficult to really describe things, you know, just in a different way than I already did on the page, you know, and that's not like a cheap trick to say, well, now, you know, obviously you have to read the book to get the real story. But it's what what I what I also think about with Apocalypse is then, you know, 10 years later, going back to that same faraway land to to do Platoon, which is and and narrate it. And if you think about the odds of that happening, like the son of the guy a decade later does his own Vietnam saga and and and narrates it, that's I mean, what would you place the odds of that happening? Yeah, I like the age of the universe squared. Right. It's yeah. So I knew and I don't really write a lot in the book about, you know, the the the thematic or or or the emotional connections between, you know, those two movies. I, I, I, I think you I think you saw I think you felt this reading the book or or the audiobook or however that happened with that. I, I, I don't want to tell the reader how they're supposed to feel about the things that I'm experiencing. And that that that's a fine line that that that you have to walk sometimes. And if I could. So thank you for going right there. Answer any part of your question. You know, you'd certainly none of it right now. What I what I just laid out was useless. Not even it was useless. Yeah. Not even remotely. Sorry about that. Not even remotely. Not even really, because that's exactly where I was going. OK, was the intersection of Apocalypse Now and Platoon. I got you. OK, cool. Yeah. And I had our agents helping prepare. I did. And what that would have been like and we don't need to go into this in this moment, but you, your dad, the meaning, the possibility, I'm definitely not trying to manufacture emotional moments. I won't do that. So but yes, the size of the universe squared the possibility of these two iconic films in the history of our nation depicting its deepest, greatest, darkest, darkest struggles in war. And Martin Sheen, Charlie Sheen being in these just preposterously impactful movies. Am I hearing you correctly? What was the last thing you said? Am I hearing you correctly? Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So sorry. There's a feedback loop. Oh, sorry about that. Yeah. No, it's fine. Yeah. So. Your transition from the Philippines into and through your high school years, you have your the eight camera. What is that called? The Super 8. Super 8 camera. Rob Lowe, Sean Penn, filming, friendship, movies, things. How is that transition from my childhood into film? I mean, I think you were in your first film. It was at nine with your dad. He had an appearance in something. Am I wrong about that? No, that is correct. Yeah. It was a it was a movie that we called The Execution of Private Slovic. Got it. Yeah. And then the progression into your film career. And actually, before you go there, what now is the ultimate mission? You're here.


you're everywhere currently, you're impacting the book, the Netflix documentary, what's the ultimate why behind it? I mean, of course, there's financial abundance, right? And there's generating value, but what's the meaning, the purpose, and from like this day to the end, if anything, because like some people I ask that question to, they'll say, ah, ah, just kind of live each day and trying to be happy and fulfilled, cool. But is there this larger why that drives your heart, your soul, please? Well, the larger why, as far as this moment right now, with the doc, with the book, and incidentally, two projects that weren't planned to happen simultaneously. They just timed out that way. But I'm grateful that they did because I'm seeing it as an opportunity, not so much as a comeback, but as a reset, just where, because there's still, there's a lot of people that may only remember me as the guy in a fricking bowling shirt or screaming, winning, you know? And so it's important for me that with this amount of exposure and all of it positive, doing so many appearances, that people just get a sense that the guy is not insane. He kind of wandered off the res for about three or four months, right? And that that was highly publicized. And that's all on me. I mean, it wasn't like I didn't know that there was a camera. You know what I'm saying? But so, no. So it's a really cool moment for me right now to just deal with so much from my past and stuff that people knew and other stuff that I've revealed that nobody knew. And just to kind of push everything, just present it in a way where you can watch it, you can read it, you can listen to it. And then I feel coming out of this that I can really focus on just moving forward, you know? Well, thank you. Thank you. And if I may. And why? So yes, it's first of all, so valuable what you're doing. Thank you. It really is. Because everybody in this room has suffered from times that they've lost center a bit. By the way, Michael Johnson, Michael Smikin, Adam Gugino, a friend of Valencia. If we played the audio and video of me in Atlantic City with the episodes for the commercials for the Aspire event and heard me the entire time and had the video of my pants being around my ankles as I was screaming and yelling, do you think that the world would think I'm saying Michael Johnson? Right? So, and I think this is a part of it. Like you just, you're just on film more, you know? Like, and these things are captured more. And so I'm curious, you know, in my heart, for, you know, you shared this piece, how much do you think this is just people overreact when people are famous and fundamentally overemphasize a moment of challenge that they themselves have probably been in in their life? Like, you know, so I'm, whatever, however you relate to us, how you relate to it, but whether it's about you or just celebrities, athletes, Hollywood folk, anybody that's caught on camera in a moment, like how much do you believe in your heart that it's just this overstated distortion of reality that the public creates versus, yeah, it's like the human condition. I don't know, any thoughts? Yeah, no, I think we're living in a time where everybody's really has a thirst for the next spectacle, you know? But there's more, it feels like there's more of that today. And I think just because it's so easily documented, you know, it, I mean, how many cameras are in this room right now, Tripp? Over a thousand, right? So, but I think there's another element that comes into play with the amount of attention or the amount of focus that is given to one event or a particular individual. You know, I can use myself as an example. I think it had a lot to do with a multi-generational connection that I had built over the years through film, through television of a relationship, right? That does in some way build a trust between an audience and the person that they're drawn to, the talent they're rooting for. So I think there was something in play when I, you know, had that grand departure from all things sane. I think people felt, they were curious as hell, but I think they were also, they were concerned for my health, but they also felt in a way, almost let down. Like I had broken some couple of rules or something that we had spent years developing. Does that make sense? Yes, that does, yes. Yeah, and I think that was a part of it, which I think is also connected to the reception and the compassion and the love and the excitement that I'm encountering with this return, this, you know, this invite that's been extended back into the fold, you know? So yeah, I feel like people have missed me. Yes. Wes, amen. So thank you, thank you. So I'm not wrong in feeling that, right? No, you're not wrong. Okay, okay, thank you, thank you. So why? Well, I have my own ideas about why people love you and appreciate you and value you, right? Yes, but what, so, cause we, and this is part of what we're here to teach, right, is how people become influential. And these- So we're here like trying to teach things? We are, believe it or not, yes. So if not, I could ask you about that night you wrote about in the book, I'm just kidding, right? So we are, and what we're looking to do, that's what I do for a living. I got you. You're a personal law firm, we teach people how to generate more financial abundance, more time, freedom, and impact. And so I was on my way to going blind and being broke. I didn't know how to do it. My college baseball career is captain of the team, dot, dot, dot, I was gonna get drafted, that I have rhinitis pigmentosa, same eye condition as Steve Wynn, you know, quick background. And so I didn't wanna go blind and be broke. So I didn't wanna be a business person, I wanted to be an athlete, wasn't gonna happen. So I had to figure out how you do things, and all of a sudden I discovered marketing and sales were a thing. I was horrified and disgusted, because I thought marketing and selling was gross and bad. And I was gonna be a high school baseball coach, football coach, but I didn't wanna go blind and be broke and do that. So I had to figure out how to succeed. I went to Ivy League undergrad, I went to law school, and nowhere could I find how to do that. So that was my search, it worked, I created massive freedom, massive financial abundance in my own little mini way, I became micro-famous within certain ecosystems of business and opportunity, which is something I teach. So what we're here to do is to study that. And one of the principles we talk about, and what's a very codified mechanism, like we're a stand for the fact that we're the best in the world in teaching and doing this. I have bets out with all kinds of fun people for codification of it, et cetera. So why I say that is because you have, we all have a level of heroic, unique identity that causes people to be drawn to us. And so how I would describe your heroic, unique identity is that you are incredibly funny, you're brilliant, you're witty, you're loving, you've played heroic characters you died for your brother in Red Dawn, you went for it in Wall Street, lost yourself, violated covenant with your father, refound it, you turned in the true evil doer of the movie, of course, Gordon Gekko, you reset yourself, and then you went into comedy and television.


Talk about, I'm sorry, platoon. So you have all of these various elements of your personality that show your resiliency, your wit, your diversity. So those characteristics are magnetic. Like that's not the same thing that you could say about a number of other mega Hollywood celebrities like yourself or Muhammad Ali or Sugar Ray Leonard. These are universal characteristics in the Joseph Campbell's hero's journey that you represent. And as you articulate a moment ago, and then you had your moment where you went off, some of those characteristics went off the track, but of course the hero's journey is about resiliency. So with the depth of love you've created for yourself, it isn't challenging because you had so much identity, so powerfully magnetized. Then in fact, I think people love the comeback even more than they love you staying there the entire time. That's why after Ali lost to Frazier and comes back. So I see some of those elements. I don't see it, but they're clearly demonstrating what you're experiencing right now. This is like what we teach here. But what I'm curious about is how you relate to that. You know, do you, why do you think people love you? And like how you're loved. You're, it's clear and they're obvious, right? You walk down the street, people will stop you, they ask for an autograph. You're famous. You're one of the most famous people in America. That's absolutely true. It was true before the last couple of months. It's been true for much of your life. Why do you think that people, I gave you some of my thoughts, you know, why do you believe people love you so much? Please. I think that there's been a consistency that I think folks, I think they applaud the fact that I've maintained a level of honesty that has been a through line from, you know, right? When I started, you know, getting the attention and just never, never, never betrayed that. You know, if things went sideways or, you know, off the rails, whatever, I was always the guy that owned it. I was always the guy that's here for that. You know what I'm saying? Thank you. Thank you. So I think that's a big part of it because if you look at that specific terrain in my industry, that's not usually the case. You know, people don't usually, they're usually looking to, you know, have a fall guy or some fantastical alibi that nobody believes, you know? So, I mean, that's just the main thing that comes to mind as far as the why. And I won't, I certainly won't reveal any of the amazing, super interesting, inspiring, funny, crazy moments in the book. Thank you. Yes. Thank you. It is. And one of the things I didn't see in the book and maybe I missed it, was you ever blaming anyone? So consistent with what you're just sharing, it seemed that you were always presenting a reality, sharing it, accepting responsibility, being so uber transparent. But if anywhere the finger was pointed in the book, it was at yourself. Am I recounting that accurately? 100% you are, 100%. Yeah, because if I blame people, then I'm presenting myself as a victim. And there are no victims in my book. I'm sorry. Yeah. Thank you. So, is it also accurate to say that some of the things you, first of all, do you feel comfortable saying things that you love about yourself or respect about yourself or proud of, are these words that are accurate? I don't want to like have inaccurate questions. So, are the things about yourself that you love and respect and are proud of, are there those things? I'm not the best person to rely on for accessing that type of stuff about myself. I see others doing that and it's nothing that I'm, that's not something I'm drawn to. But I mean, no, I do take credit for the accomplishments and the perseverance and the discipline and the focus and the longevity and all that stuff. But I don't ever really think about, I'm a good guy. I mean, just based on the response of others, I'd like to think that there is a goodness that shines through just walking around, just in my daily life. You know? How do you, or not, if you don't mind, relate to the concept of self-love, loving yourself? Like it doesn't, yeah, like how does that statement like, yeah, if somebody in the audience said, or somebody said, hey, I love myself. Is that, how do you relate to that or not? Just self-love. I look at it more as if I'm doing things that I know are really healthy or positive or just that I'm tapped into a frequency that I thrive inside of. I view that as a form of self-love. But I don't like take inventory at the end of the day or really try to break things down before I even engage, you know? It's, you know, I should sign up for one of your seminars for one of your programs, you know? Yeah. If you think that we would have a lot of fun, Charlie and I say yes. Yes! All right, so yes, fire at LBI. So, and I am in awe to be sitting here. Oh, thank you. I pinched myself by being here. That's amazing. It is a blessing. Thank you. Thank you for that at the highest level, I do. So I'm just, you know, a kid that grew up in Jersey City and, you know, born in hospital with a, live in a house where my parents were divorced, my grandfather was blind. So the thought of being here is a blessing and it is also, I think, predictable for everybody here to learn how to do that. And that, again, is our work, which you are a stand for. And so from that place, you know, if, and again, I always ask, I don't want to presume things in questions that aren't accurate. Sure. But do you ever think about what you'd want to feel and think on your last day, if you're blessed and privileged to know it's your last day, if you were to be spoken of or remembered, are these things that you do think about, whether it's from a higher vibration, a healthy place or just no place, or is it, as I do relate to people sometimes, like, oh, like my world, my life is about, you know, I just, I take it every day at a time. I try to live my best day and I keep it right here. How, like, what's that all about for you? Like, like how, like what, how would I want to spend my last day if I knew it was the last day? No, no. If you, if you could fast forward to that day, what would you want to accomplish between now and then, or you don't even think that way or feel that way, you know, is there that for you and what kind of legacy to be? I actually fantasize about that more in a, in a comedic setting that, that the people that would be in the room, right? Please. That I could say to all of them, this is the day that I kept talking about to all of you, that all of that, all of that stuff, that, that, that, you know, all of that time that you took from me, from me having to engage in your bullshit, you know, this is, this is the day when I really need that time back. Because, you know, because, you know, with as much that, that, that was absconded with, this wouldn't be the last day. This would probably be my last month, you know? I hope that I am not in that camp at the end. No, no, not even close. No, but I, but I do actually tell my sons, I tell them, you know, we're going to be on my death bed. And because I'm solving this thing for you again, we're not going to have as much time to say goodbye as you're going to wish that we did, you know? I know that sounds grim and it's not really, you know, progressive or passive parenting. I get that. But I just want them to feel the value of time, the value of time. No. You know? Let's hear that. So. So. Oh, and also I'm not dying in a hospital. Okay. I'm not dying in a, I don't care what's going on health wise. Where would you?


where would you want to die? I'd be on a, on a, you know, on in tropical waters. Beautiful. What do you like, yeah, what do you like to do for fun? I'm sorry? What do you like to do for fun? Oh, we didn't finish the dying part. Oh, I'm sorry. Let's go back to, let's go back to dying. Yes. It's really thoughtless. Yes, please. No, I just, I, I see people, I, yeah, I've seen people, people I love die in hospitals and I, and I just, I've not, I'm just not, that's not, that's a picture I can't paint for myself, you know? So I would go somewhere beautiful with, with, with people I cared about and others I'd just met. Um, and, uh, and just, you know, keep an emergency dose of something if it got too painful, uh, you know, I mean, you got to plan ahead. Sure. Yeah. And just, just, you know, um, confronted on, on, on my terms. That's awesome. Even though you're in a moment where it's like, you're like the, the absolute, like the most grand example of, of not being in control of that moment, you know? Amen. Um, but you know what? Yeah. Maybe spend a little more energy on the living stuff. Yes. On the stuff like right here, right now. And you know, it, it, it, like in a situation like today, um, you never really know what the moment is going to be until you're in the middle of it, you know? But today I just, um, I, I, I wish I had more time again to have done a little more research, uh, just about, you know, what, what, what all of this is. Um, I was, I was given the, I was given the cliff notes. I was given the cliff notes, um, and, and, and given a, um, uh, a, a, a pretty, uh, legit, uh, deep dive into you. Right. And so, uh, and, and, and honored to, to, to be here and, and, and thank you. Um, and it, uh, so yeah, so this is a little bit on the fly, just kind of putting, putting the pieces together. Um, so I'm, I'm not going to say I'm totally up to speed right now, but I'm getting intentional. I'm getting close. Entirely intentional. Entirely intentional. Okay, good. Yes. Good. So, um, and you know, as we, we draw towards our last few moments together, um, not on the planet, just fucking, just yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Good. I'm hoping, I'm hoping. Okay. Amazing. So, um, you are amazing. Oh, really? Thank you. You seem to have an hour of fun and humor and wit and you, you say yes. So, can I ask this? Thank you. What, what, if anything, was your training in humor or was it natural model? Did you have somebody you looked after and taught, picked up from on screen, like, like how, how would you support these people in getting some access to a micro fraction of the wit of Charlie Sheen? Oh, gosh, thank you. No, I, I, I grew up in a, in a, in a very humor filled household. You know, my dad is a, is a, is a, is a, is a, is just a jokester, you know? Um, and, and he'll always, he'll lead with humor and then, and then, you know, decide based on whatever happens to be next. Um, but no, it was, um, it was just, it was, um, the influences, um, I, I, I grew up on sitcoms. Um, I, I, I grew up on, um, you know, the comedic influences of what was some of your favorite, like Woody Allen and, and, and Mel Brooks. Um, and, you know, later on, um, you, you know, uh, George Carlin, Rodney Dangerfield. Um, I mean, just like these geniuses, you know? Um, but I, I always related to the straight man, you know, I, I had a ton of respect for, for, for the person, for, for, for the clown or the jester, right? The zany person with the, with handling that part of it. But, um, like, you know, my favorite character, um, I, I, I'm totally dating myself, um, on Get Smart is the chief, Ed Platt, you know? So, and even if you, if you look at a lot of the comedy that I've done, I'm, I'm always the anchor. I'm the guy in the eye of the storm and everybody else is that, that maelstrom, that cyclone around me, you know? So that's, that, that's where I feel comfortable. That's where I feel, um, that there's, I'm, I'm much more attracted to, uh, the subtlety of humor, uh, and, and not like in a, you know, an intellectual sense, but just in, in the simplicity of it. Um, if that, if that answers your question. Okay. Uh, and that's what we're here for. You know, we're, we're here to dig into those types of elements. So thank you. Massively, uh, helpful. Oh, right on. Yeah. Awesome. So, um, any, like, what do you do for fun? Um, and enjoyment? Yeah. That was not a joke. I mean, fun for me is a weird word because, um, there's been so many different, uh, definitions, uh, of that word, um, versions, but then, yeah, what do you do for fun? What do I do for fun? I, I mean, I, I, I don't have to seek fun. There's always, there's fun in everything that I do just by doing it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Um, yeah. Cause I never say, Hey, if we do this, we're going to have fun. Um, cause guess what happens? You never do you get there and it sucks. And so I think just, uh, again, it's, it's, I, I, I can find humor in everything. And even if it's just me in an internal private secret monologue, walking around, some of the jokes work, some of them suck. Um, and, but it just, it keeps it light and that doesn't mean that I'm not in the moment engaged, right. But it just, um, all the voices in my head are, are all me. Right. So it's not one of those things. Um, but, but, um, but yeah, there's a, there's, there, there's a lot of dialogue that, that, um, that is sort of the soundtrack to everything that I do. So that, that is fun for me. That's literally fun. Yeah. And, and I guess this will be, I know that maybe if you had time just for one question from audience. Oh, of course. Yeah. So is there a, Hey, this would be something I'd like to have happen in the future, whether it be in projects impact, is there anything like that? Or again, is it more just, Hey, you're, you're rolling and like, how do you make decisions about where things go next? Like what projects you're accepting is that fit into a larger, you know, sort of vision for Charlie Sheen or just like project by, Hey, that's cool. That's fun. Like that, like, how does that fit together or not? Well, I, you know, it, um, for the first time in a very long time, um, I'm, I'm, I'm reading material that's at a, at a, at a level I haven't, I haven't been, I haven't had access to in forever. Um, and I think what the, what the doc did that, that really helped is it, is it, it, um, took everybody through the filmic journey and through all the archival, the, you know, just to see, just to remind people that this thing didn't start out, um, you know, with comedic intent, you know? Um, and so that's been a, um, really powerful and beneficial reminder to, you know, the folks I have to rely on to, to, to, to get work. Right. Um, that there, that I, what I'm hearing now is that, that people are excited about me returning to something, uh, dramatic, something intense, something, uh, you know, I I've, I've, I've never played a detective and people could say, Oh, you did the rookie. I'm like, no, no, no, that, that was, we were like, um, two guys, uh, you know, we were like stolen cars is what, what was our, was our division, uh, G rides. They call them me and Clint Eastwood. Yes. But I've never played like a hardened down on his luck.


a detective who's, you know, who caught that either the case he could never solve or the one that's going to make or break or define his career. And those are the shows that I'm, that I really lean into, that I'm a huge fan of, you know. So if something like that happens because of all of what's happening, then absolutely. I don't really believe in manifesting stuff, but I do believe in, you know, being aware of when the energy is moving in a specific direction. And that's what I can feel is on the path. Awesome. And this is definitely also not a manifesting space as well. Like I didn't say you said that, but to be clear, this is more like sports peak performance. So like business peak performance would be how, like this room relates, like lawyers, accounts, financial services, real estate deal. Yep. So I don't, I don't, I don't see you like chanting into Chris's and all that, you know. That's Bella Verita. Bella, are you here? Yeah. We had her rescued from, that's more of your coast that she used to have. Yes. Like this way. Yeah. So the, how about, is there a favorite role and I know words are particular, or is there something you just truly enjoy differently than everything else? It was all kind of the same as all these beautiful, incredible things you've done. Is there a one, two, three, or a couple at the top, or they're all kind of, you know, they all are very meaningful to you. How about that? You mean that I've done? Yeah. Your roles from the past. Oh gosh. The stuff that I like, this just seems like from another lifetime. It seems so long ago. People ask me, well, what's, what's, what's your favorite movie? And I, I, I like to say, uh, I haven't made it yet. Yeah. Let's hear it for that. That's what I said. Yeah. But as far as the stuff that I, that exists, that I've been in, that like what, uh, the most fun I've ever had on a film was the three musketeers. Really? I love the three musketeers by the way. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. They gave me a banana. They overpaid everybody. They gave me 28 days off. And, uh, yeah, we would just drink all night and then throw on a tunic and storm the castle the next day. It was pretty awesome. It was pretty awesome. Yeah. Good times. Yeah. Um, that is super fun. The hardest job, um, the hardest film job was platoon, hands down, but rewarding. The hardest job period I've ever had and the most rewarding was, was, was writing that damn book. Really? Yeah. Well, I didn't use a ghostwriter. Wow. Yeah. I, I thought that would be completely inauthentic and I felt like, um, then it's not, then I'm, you haven't written your book, you've just told the stories to someone you've known for an hour. Yeah. And I wouldn't have, I don't have the language for it. You do, but there's a, there's a tone and a mechanism of delivery of the book I've never seen before. Oh, thank you. Yeah. For real. Thank you. Is there, do you have a phraseology for how? I don't know. I, I, I. It's just like, it was sheened? Like how's that? Yeah. It, yeah. I had to, I just tried to sheen it up, um, but I, I, I wanted to write how I think. And then I wanted to write in a rhythm that I like to read selfishly. I wanted to, to just have the audience, have the reader feel like they fell into something welcoming, comfortable. And I also wanted them to feel, and again, I'm not trying to tell you how to feel with the book. I wrote it about a half an hour ago. Um, but, um, just to create this vibe that you've not just opened a book, but you've stepped inside of a movie, you know, and it lands that way again, I, I, I'm pretty strong with language and description, but it really is a unique way. Thank you. Think of, of seeing inside of your heart, your mind, your being, like you were describing. It truly is. There were some words that I couldn't, I couldn't find the existing words for things I needed to describe a certain way. So I just made some shit up, um, but people read it and they say, well, yeah, of course that needs to be a word. And I'm like, well, it kind of is now. What level, if you believe and know this man is an absolute genius, say yes. Oh, shocks. Come on now. Thank you. And I don't say we, do I say what I do not mean? Yes, we do not. Like that's a big part of our space. Like we don't just ingratiate, but we acknowledge mastery. Sure. James Prudient, are you here? Yes. Okay. So James, his mom's in the hospital. Are we going to give him the one question we're going to have for you, please, from the audience? That's okay. Of course. I've known James for decades. Chiropractor in Jersey. Amazing man. His mom is really fighting for her life. She is an amazing, insane fan. So it's the fact that James is asking you a question, 10 out of 10. So James, what would your question be to Charlie Sheen? Yeah. She, like when I called her, I showed her a picture of the event. Yeah. Let's get a mic for James. I showed her a picture of the event. And I always point to my friend, Sean, who I've known for almost 30 years. She goes, that's Charlie Sheen. And I said, yeah, mom. She goes, you tell him that she has cancer. Her eyes. You tell him, I've seen every one of his shows. Not once. Twice. Wow. Wow. Wow. And I've been a huge fan of your movies. And my question is for those of us who grew up undersized, shorter, bullied, thank you for Lucas. Oh, right on. I mean, Rudy gets all the credit, but that was just an amazing movie. Oh, right on. Thank you. And the other thing that I just can't, many people don't know is the first time I remember seeing you in a movie that was so impactful was sort of a cameo at the end of Ferris Bueller's Day Off. Most people don't know you were in there. And I just got to tell you, you were awesome. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Well, thank you so much. My mother, Mary, says hello. Oh, OK. Well, will you send a message back to Mary? She wants a picture of me and you together, if that's OK. We'll get that in the room. Yeah. I mean, that's easy. OK. Easy woman. Yeah. Is she going to recover? Is she going to make it? Is she going to... Or do we still not know? Most likely before Christmas. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. OK. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My best friend. I'm sorry. All right. Well, she's at a good place at home right now. OK. She's not in the hospital. All right. Well, there you go. Let's go. There you go. How about that? And she made that point when you said it, you took me up, because that's what she said to the oncologist. I'm going home. Get me out of here. All 95 pounds of her. Wow. Four foot 10 Armenian woman and an amazing human. Wow. OK. This is really powerful. Yeah. Can she... I mean, can she... Do you call her? Does she get on the phone? Oh, yeah. OK. Then let's you and I get on the fucking phone with her. All right. Am I right? OK. Absolutely. All right. So we'll do that. Thank you, man. We'll do that. Done. Thank you. Done. It's the least I could do. Thank you so much. My pleasure. And that's the power of identity and the heart of a man like Charlotte Shultz. Thank you, Charlotte. So I know that you have people to see, places to go. And I know we have a moment for our certification partner and elite that are going to have the privilege of seeing you for a moment in a little bit. And if I could ask this as just a final question for... This is a room full of people that want to see their life grow and they want to be involved in projects that matter for the rest of their life. They want to feel that sense of purpose and fulfillment that we all want to feel. And what would you have as a message for them? And absolutely, in whatever way Charlie Sheen want to deliver it, that they could take away that would make their life a little better. Maybe it's access to humor. Maybe it's having the special potion you have in your pocket for the end. But whatever it would be as a message from you to them in what we call a final final from Charlie Sheen. I mean, yeah, something I really wish that I had tapped into a lot sooner, and I do actually, I think I mentioned this in the book, is just this idea of, and this is something you have to consciously lean into, is try not to take things so personally. I'm telling you, that may not mean anything right now, but if you...


start to look back on a lot of situations that didn't turn out, or didn't bring the result that you wanted, or however that manifests, I don't believe in regrets, but I do believe in learning from a lot of the stuff we wish we could do over, and that's just looking back on things. It's the one question I ask myself, why did I take everything so freaking personally? I think there's value in that, and I think there's freedom in that. That's just the nugget that feels germane to today. Amen. I think there's massive value in that for you. Let's hear it. Mr. Charlie Sheen, it has been an honor and a privilege. I could not thank you enough for taking the trip here. I want to thank Darren Prince. One more hug. Thank you. God bless you. Thank you all very much. May it all happen. If you know you've been in the presence of a master on your feet, one more time, let's hear it for Charlie Sheen. Thank you. Thank you. 
