I think I was funny in high school. There were funnier people in high school and in college. No, no, as I said, my father was very funny. My brother was funny and no mentors, no teachers, just growing up with the right people, the way I would see it. I wanted to be in medicine. I was thinking about being a surgeon, but I realized in short order that it would take another four to eight years before I could do that, and I wanted to be funny first. Without surprise, you can't really get laughter. It's got to come from out of nowhere almost, or out of left field. I left after one year. I had a reason to go, and it was personal, and I really didn't want to leave, but it was the way it was in my life at the time. I want to be remembered by my family, by the people I'm closest to. The rest can take it or leave it. Hey, we're here with the Sean Callaghan Behind the Podcast, where we help people see what they don't see about their financial abundance, their time, and magic, and as we hit this Christmas and holiday season, I couldn't be more honored to have our guest coming up here today, so let's kick it to Tink for his introduction. There are rare souls in every era who don't just succeed. They redraw the map for everyone who follows. Before comedy learned to explain itself, before it softened the edges, Chevy Chase stepped forward and proved that intelligence could be hilarious, irreverence could be art, and the sharpest laugh is the one that reveals truth before we even know it's arrived. As a founding force of Saturday Night Live, an Emmy Award winner for both his performances and writing, and the architect of moments that echo through decades, Chevy didn't just collect accolades, he changed the very standards of comedy. He made it safe for wit to be sharp, for satire to be fearless, and for performers to trust that restraint and timing could be more powerful than noise. Being first isn't glamor, it's carrying a torch through the fog, misunderstood until the world catches up. To master at this level is to time truth so clearly that laughter becomes revelation. Between the applause and the pressure, the brilliance and the burden, stands a human who chose originality over approval and contribution over comfort. Tonight we don't just honor nostalgia, we honor a man whose work raised the bar for what comedy, courage, and intelligence could be. And so it's my privilege to welcome, arguably the greatest comedic innovator of his generation, a true one of one, Chevy Chase. Mr. Chevy Chase, honor and privilege to have you here. Oh, thank you. Yeah, Sean Calley, I'm part of the podcast. Nice to see you, Sean. Yeah, very nice to see you. So- I gotta go. Okay. No, no, no, after that intro. Thank you for that, for sure. So how did you get into comedy? Were you funny growing up? Was it something you just understood? Did you learn how to do it? Like where did all this come from? Well, all of the above. I mean, my dad was a very funny man. His dad was a funny man. They weren't comics or comedians as I'm supposed to be, but they were very funny and particular about what they said and did and good with sarcasm when it was valued. And, you know, things happen. You just roll along. And pardon me for burping. I just realized I've lost the lung. Okay, I'm back. Go. So were you funny in high school? Were you in plays? What was that time like for you? I think I was funny in high school. There were funnier people in high school and in college. Wally Sean was one. He's well known for some of his movies. And, you know, I mean, you're still gonna go over this, aren't you? How did I become funny? Yes. I don't know. Thank you. So did you have anybody that was a mentor, a teacher, or this was really just innately? No, no. As I said, my father was very funny. My brother was funny and no mentors, no teachers, just growing up with the right people the way I see it. Awesome. So what happens first to take you from high school, college into your career in entertainment and yeah. Well, in a sense that started in college. We used to make a radio, do a radio show that could be heard in the college. And it was very funny in itself and a takeoff on radio and television. And that's sort of where it all began. And going from there, I was actually a, I was, what was I, Pat? Oh, I majored in, I was a medical guy. I wanted to be in medicine. Really? So yeah. And I was thinking about being a surgeon, but I realized in short order that it would take another four to eight years before I could do that. And I wanted to be funny first. And music, Carnegie Hall, pianist, Steely Dan, that was a part of you as well. Yeah, Steely Dan was in college with me and I was with them and I played the drums and later on I just moved into the piano and that's what I've been playing for the last 50 years or so. Piano. Beautiful. Jazz piano. Awesome. And how about moving into Saturday Night Live? You know, what do you think perhaps people might not understand about Saturday Night Live, your time there, that might be an interesting revelation for people? What? Yeah. So cool, crazy, interesting, fun times on Saturday Night Live. Was it fun? Did you enjoy it? Was it terrible? You know, mud case. You know, yeah. SNL came about when I met Lorne Michaels, the producer, in a line late at night, like a midnight showing of Monty Python's Holy Grail. Monty Python is another, in my opinion, the greatest of the comedy groups out of England. And Lorne Michaels and I got together and sat around in his hotel room in L.A., Los Angeles, and we talked for about an hour, no, more than that, maybe the whole afternoon, about what he wanted to do with his new show called Saturday Night Live, SNL, and how he would like me to be the head writer, because I had been the head writer up to that point in a couple of other shows, and culminating in the Smothers Brothers Hour, which was a television show, too, at the time. So I said, I'd love to come to New York, but I wanted to act, too. I said, I'm just starting to act in the Smothers Brothers show, and was enjoying it. And he said, no, no acting. So that was the end of that. But I still went and was with him in New York City as we put together this show. He hired various, you know, Gilda Radner, and John Belushi, and Dan Aykroyd, and Jane Curtin, various members of the cast. And we just put it together there, and it took off, it was live, and because it was live, I think it was most entertaining, because you weren't really sure what the heck could happen in it, yeah. And for yourself, so from setting it live, and being the writer, how do you end up in front of the camera? Yeah. Well, let's see, well, Lorne Michaels had us all sitting around an oval table, and he'd point to John, and Gilda, and various, and he'd say, do something, do something funny. And by the way, he hadn't hired me to act, as I said. Just wanted me to be the writer. But he pointed to me, and said, do something funny, and I did some thing about, you know how those news people like David Muir and others, they end their shows with a little light, funny thing, they think. Anyway, I did some takeoff on that, and it was pretty funny, and at that point, he decided to keep me as an actor, too. So that's how that began. That's awesome. Who are some of the folks from that era? John Belushi, and Steve Morton, and Gilda Radner. Who are some of the people that you enjoyed their work the most? And that's just, you know, critically thought about, made you laugh, you know, from that? Well, all of those people you mentioned made me laugh. They're very funny people. Awesome. And then, so, what happens after Saturday Night Live, and how do we move from SNL into the world of film? Oh, that was quick. Let me think. What happened after Saturday Night Live? Well, I left after one year. I had a reason to go, and it was personal. And I really didn't want to leave, but it was the way it was in my life at the time. And, let me see, what did I do? What did I do? I can't even remember. You did, you did, you went to Foul Play. Oh, yeah, well, I took, I made a movie called Foul Play with Goldie Hawn, and that was kind of cute. And we actually made a couple of movies together, that and Seems Like Old Times. And I started making movies. And having fun doing that. And it was all comedy. Yeah, I mean, all these movies are iconic and amazing. Excuse me, I just got finished with a pneumonia. Not, you won't get, you won't get it, it's gone. It would be worth it sitting here. I would accept a pneumonia for. You would. I would, I would gladly have a pneumonia. Go away from me. To sit with you and have this conversation. Get out of here. Yes, so, the, if, and I know this is a question that has been, you know, sort of, we're not all the way there yet, but let's pretend people are watching this to learn. Let's hope they are. Yeah, let's hope, right? To, to become more funny. Like, is there anything you, has anybody ever asked you, hey, you know, Mr. Chase, Chubby Chase, how can I become more funny? People, you're on set with, folks, is there anything you would give as guidance of what humor is to you, or how you think about funny things, or writing in humor, anything like that that people might be able to take away? Repeat that. Yes, so, I, No, I'm kidding, kidding. I could verbatim, yes. Sure, I bet you could. No, I mean, I'm not sure how to answer that. How could I teach people what? Yeah, like what, if you're, somebody said give me one tip on how you could be more funny. You made this, you made this room laugh five times. Sure. Most of them at me, so it's amazing. Thank you for that. And by the way, my significant other is sitting there, so she's very, very happy. The more times you're making them laugh at me will make her keep laughing like that. Okay, good. Yeah, perfectly. Good goodness. So, yeah, I mean, if you had one tip, because she's not funny, so she's gonna try to become funny. So, what would you teach her to become funny? I would tell her to keep it up. Yeah. How could she, how could she get worse? If that was the case. I hope so. I mean, look, a sense of humor is a sense of perspective, a sense of what's good and what's bad, what's right, what's wrong, what's better, what's worse, all of those thoughts. And that's what a sense of humor is about. So, to the extent that you keep that in mind, and to the extent that you understand that, I guess that's how you learn better. I guess that's what you try to teach others, is keep that perspective and don't be afraid. So, thank you for that, for sure. You're welcome. And I mean that sincerely, because, you know, folks watch this. Excuse me while I blow your nose. Please, please do. Wait, no, it's mine. Oh, that's right, I don't have a handkerchief. Do you have a handkerchief? I've got one, I've got it. That's my mom. I've got it, look at this. Is that your mom? She would love if you blew her nose in her handkerchief. She'll keep it. So, seems like old times, foul play. She had like posters of you. Oh my God. All sorts of things. So, I'm here, go ahead. So, you know, the folks out there, they just learned something, and I did too, of how to talk about humor. Because I believe everything can be modeled, right? And I never thought about it in the context, a way of saying it, like perspective shifting. And that is funny. So, if you think about, if I think about it for a second, the characters you played, you were always in, whether it's foul play, or whether it's Fletch, whether it's seen like old times, whether it's in vacation movies, that's something you were just shifting that perspective to say something from another angle. It's funny, right? That's right. And it's what you've done 10 times here today. I never understood that. So, yeah, thank you. Now you've learned something. I have. Okay, it's time to be funny now. Yes, I could, because she doesn't think I'm funny. Go forth and be funny, shall I? Yeah, go forth and be funny. I've been directed by Chevy Chase to go forward and be funny. Yes. Yeah, it's a biblical thing. Go forth and be funny. And my children think I'm cringy and not funny. So, thank you. I will do my best. I think they're right. Whatever I can do. Thank you. So, we move from you, move from this time of Foul Play, Goldie Hawn. What are some of your favorite movies that you've done that, and I- That I made? Yeah, yeah. What did you enjoy the most or like the most? Oh, hell, I liked all of them. I had a lot of fun making most of them. I must have made 50 over the years, but probably the last- And can I just say something? We don't say things to kiss your A-S-S. You are amazing, and really, it is an honor. And people, and I just wanna really bring this forward. So, I don't just say nice things to people that say nice. You are a master. I'll kiss you, though. Come on now. Oh, I don't. Bella, do I say things to be nice all the time? No, not really, no. Okay. So, Mom, do I say things to be nice all the time? Oh, my God. Yeah, yeah. Oh, my God, they're both here. Yes, they're both here, right? But I mean it, really. I've been a student of your work and just moved by it. Like, there's not a Christmas season that goes by, I don't watch Christmas Vacation multiple times, but I understand you're way more than that. You know, the entire body of work, you know, foul play. It's all about laugh. Yes. That's all. I mean, it's that simple. But can you make people laugh? And we've sort of covered some of that right now. Yeah. And, you know, ever since I've been little, I've liked making people laugh. It seems to be one of the happiest moments in their lives, to laugh. Sure. So, to the extent that I can make you laugh, or your mom, or your wife, I mean, or your, is it your wife? Close enough, yes. Close enough, yes. Sure, it's sugar, it's sugar mom, and that's my sugar baby. Oh, it's sugar mom, yeah. Anyway, to the extent that I can do that, that's really all it's about. And that means surprise, basically. Without surprise, you can't really get laughter. It's gotta come from out of nowhere, almost, or out of left field, as it were. Beautiful. So, and how about your, any movies that are your favorites that you made? Like, do you? That I made? Yeah, of yours. Yeah, I suppose my favorite was Fletch, which was my more recent one, I think, Fletch. But, you know, I loved Seems Like Old Times, I loved Spies Like Us. I certainly loved The Three Amigos. That's one of my favorites. So those, I have about five or six of them that I like. Wow. So, in Fletch, we have The Underhill Bills. How about, where's Caddyshack stack up for you, in terms of? Oh, Caddyshack's right up there, too, yeah. I like Caddyshack a lot. Wow. I like being with Harold Ramis, and Bill Murray was in Caddyshack. We were very funny together. Yeah. I don't think the heavy rain's gonna come down for a while yet, or something, right? The what? The rain, we're talking about the rain, it's like pouring rain in that moment, iconic scene with, I think, Bill Murray. Yeah, we was talking about, not thinking the rain's gonna come down as it's pouring. Oh. I don't remember that. Bill Murray in the rain. Yeah, so, how about in the world of vacation, right? I didn't hear you mention that. Clark Griswold. Vacation? Oh, sure. How did you enjoy that movie? If people see you through that prism, like, see you that way, do you like that, you don't like that? Yeah, I enjoyed it, I liked it. Thanks for asking. But, I mean, you know, look, I don't wanna go over it and over it, but like I say, if you can surprise people, you can make them laugh, if you can surprise them in the right way, you know. Yes. Got it? I got it. Okay, that's a boy. That's it for sure, yeah. Thank you for that. So, who did you, who were some of your favorite people to perform with? If you wanna tell me the people you didn't like performing with, the movies you don't like, feel free, I'm not asking to put you in a weird spot. I don't, there's nobody I didn't like. No, I liked them all. Yeah, and how, who were they? I loved Dan Aykroyd, for instance, a very good friend and wonderful guy from SNL. Steve Martin, Martin Short, they both have their own show now called Only Murders in My Building, or in somebody's building, I don't remember who's. And they're two very good friends of mine. We made The Three Migos together, which I thought was a good movie. And, you know, stuff like that. Cool. How was, I know you've been on a recent tour, you've been going around, how's that going, and what's that about? The tour's going fine. We've been going from city to city, we've been, as of now, in about 12 different cities. It's a workout. But we go and we show the movie Christmas Vacation right about this time of year. And then I come out at the end of it all, and the audience stands and applauds and gives me a standing ovation, which is the only reason I go, really. And we do a show in front of the audience. They ask questions and I answer the questions. Yes, they like that because they like to see a star and it's live, you know, live. Sure. That kind of thing. Sure. So in Christmas Vacation, is, how does that fit into, I mean, obviously you're on tour for it, so well-known for it, but what were some of your favorite things about that? Is that, how do you feel about that being, the legacy it is? Well, I love it because it was very much a family-oriented picture. And it's very much the, are you gonna leave now? I'm in the middle of talking. Yeah. What the? I think you gave- Get out of here. I think you gave my- What the heck, don't cough in here. I think you gave my mom pneumonia. Came with a pneumonia. I'll be back. Okay, we'll see you, Grammy, I guess. What a place this is. It's crazy. Anyway, where was I? We were talking about, what? Vacation, Christmas Vacation. Oh, Christmas Vacation. Yeah, I love that. That's a family-oriented picture. It's pretty much like all of our families. You don't necessarily come and attack your family during Christmas, and you have to be aware of it and ready for it, and try to make it a fun ordeal for everybody. And thank you for that. It is, it came from a big family. My mom, who just left the room choking because I think she caught pneumonia in the room, that's like our family. And I think it's like everyone's family. And so, as you spoke about earlier, this perspective, that's what's really happening right behind the scenes. People are burning the turkey, and there's no food, and the senile aunt is giving presents that nobody wants, and wrapping cats. So, just really, thank you for that permanent imprint on everybody's life and family. You're welcome. Legacy, is that something you care about, you think about, how to be remembered, what you'll be remembered for? It's a hundred years from now, it's your last day on Earth, what would you, if anything, want to be remembered for? I'd want to be remembered for living to be a hundred. Sorry. I don't know. Just, I want to be remembered by my family, by the people I'm closest to. The rest can take it or leave it. That's a beautiful perspective. You seem like you really have a great life, where you're not moved. I do have a great life, yeah, I love it. What do you do for fun? For fun? I live my life, what do you mean for fun? Like the rest of it's not fun? Do you like parachute, do you play chess, do you eat ice cream? I like to play chess in the air, parachuting. It always works for me. That is perfect, clothed or unclothed? I like to be clothed most of the time, because it's very cold up there. This is definitely fun. Bela Vrida, you keep laughing over there at this. I think you're getting some funny lessons. Yes, I'm getting funny lessons, yes. So any questions you have, Bela Vrida? No, how do we make him more funny? Because he thinks he's funnier than me, and I don't think he is. Obviously, you've experienced how funny I am. I mean, how do we make him funnier? I don't think either of you are very funny. Frankly, I think you're going to have to work that out together. No, you're fine. Thank you, I'd appreciate that. Don't worry about it. So, tonight, no tonight. No tonight. You can, okay. Okay, thank you. So, for tonight, we're going to be celebrating at our Christmas and holiday party with 800 of my closest friends. Yeah. So, it'll be wonderful. He's got some surprises for you. What? He's got some surprises for you. Yes, we're going to have a beautiful. Oh, am I going to be there? I hope so, yes. I'll try to get there. Thank you, I appreciate that. So, we're going to be lighting the Christmas tree, honoring you, and we're going to play a clip before you come out of your moment in Christmas Vacation where you've just found out that you were the winner of the Jelly of the Month Club as Clark Griswold. Oh. Is that okay with you if we play that moment and then we surprise, people don't know you're coming. That's where I rant. Yes, the magical Clark Griswold rant. Yeah. So, is that okay with you? Yes, it's okay with me. Yes, and then we're going to ask you to repeat it verbatim from memory. Would that be okay? No, but I can read it. I'm totally joking. Sean, though, could definitely recite every line. Oh, I'm sorry to hear it, yeah. So, we'll have that beautiful night. Is there anything that we can do that you want these fine folks to know before we wrap up about you, life, anything? No, no, I'm very happy to be here. It's very nice to meet you people. Yep. Documentary. Oh, I have a documentary. There's a documentary about me coming up on television. Amazing, which I didn't know. When is it? January 1st, on CNN. Yeah, on January 1st on CNN, these guys want me to promote the documentary about me. And it's pretty good, I saw it. You like it. Well, I'm in it. Yes. So, I like it, yeah. Yeah, it's nice. Amazing, and what, is it funny, is it factual, is it both? It's all. Yeah, all the things. Yeah, it's funny, it's factual, it tells you a lot about me. Cool, and were there any influences on you? You know, you mentioned some of these comedic geniuses, including your family, but was there anybody else, your dad, your grandfather, that were funny? Is there anybody else in the history of comedy that influenced you? Of course, Charlie Chaplin was. He was brilliant as a physical comic. I'm a physical comic, so I loved watching Chaplin and Keaton, even though they were years before me. I mean, they were in their 20s and 30s, and I wasn't born until the middle of the 40s, but. Abbott and Costello, Laurel and Hardy, enjoy any of those folks. I liked Laurel and Hardy. Abbott and Costello, eh. Got it. How about, let's think through, anybody from sort of the 50s, 60s in comedy that was, you can see Lucille Ball. Well, I think it was Cesar and Imogene Coco. 60s, oh hell, I don't remember now. Got it. It's a long time ago. Yeah, a long time ago. How about Lucy? I love Lucy, Lucille Ball, was that? Yeah, she was okay. Got it. If you're gonna pick Chevy Chase's three favorite comedy folks of all time, who would be your top three? Oh, comedy? Yeah, in comedy. In comedy, my first of all time? Yeah, who would be like one, two, and three for you in comedy? Oh, jeez, that's not fair. I don't wanna name three people when there's probably a dozen others that I love, too. Got it, understood. So, how about outside the realm of comedy? What are some of your favorite movies? My favorite movies? Yeah. Well, Lawrence of Arabia is my favorite movie. That, Citizen Kane. These are not comedies, obviously. Right. But, and then there are plenty of Chaplin movies and later on, I don't know. It's tough to announce who I think are the best when there are so many that I love. Awesome. Do you ever watch your own movies? Not much. Besides vacation. I've seen them, and I've been in them. So, I don't watch them much. No, we don't sit around at home laughing at Dad. Do you, and you said Dad, you have children? Of course I have children. I have three daughters. Beautiful. And do they think you're funny? They do, they think I'm funny. Wow, so I guess, maybe my daughters are right. It's unfortunate, but they do. That's right. Yeah. That is super fun. Grammy, anything that you would like to ask Mr. Chevy Chase as we begin to draw to a close? I just love seeing like old times with Goldie Hawn and it just seemed like such a fun movie. Thank you. Was it fun? They're all fun. They're all fun, yeah. I can't imagine a film I made that wasn't fun. Of course it was fun, yeah. Well, I thoroughly loved it. Well, thank you very much, I appreciate that. How about Jerry, anything on your heart and mind? I enjoy your work, Chevy. You made me laugh many, many times and I appreciate your work and thank you. Oh, you're very welcome. My husband. Yeah. So, I just wanna say thank you. One more quick question from the audience. Oh, Mike, sure, yes. Mr. Chase, we heard there's a great story about John Belushi and something that was in a vial that you found. What? We can phone a friend on that. On the piano, remember when you had your little vial on the piano on set and then it disappeared? Oh, I don't wanna get into that, that's not right, no. I mean, you don't wanna hear about that, it's drugs. Well, my girlfriend does, she wants to hear about drugs because you wanna know what she brought into my house? My mom doesn't know this, so this, I wanna see if we're getting funny. Cover Grammy's ears. Yes, my mom doesn't know this, but she came into my house with a suitcase full, you're not listening? No, she's, no, I'm not listening. She went from high school drug dealer to God dealer, so she went from drug dealer to pastor now, yes. But she had a moment where she may have brought a suitcase full of interesting things into my house. That may have happened. Yes, so I just wanna say thank you. We have a magical night tonight. I appreciate your time and your coming here today. Thanks for having me. Ladies and gentlemen, of course, the one and only Chevy Chase of all of the magic and Merry Christmas, Happy Holidays to folks. I appreciate it, I enjoyed myself. Thank you very much, everybody, for being here. There are all of eight people in here. Yes, the live studio audience. What a crowd. Yes. No, it's great. Take care. Thank you.
