# Mike Eruzione Leadership
# Video ID: EAoNkZ9RMRA
# URL: https://youtube.com/watch?v=EAoNkZ9RMRA
# Segments: 3047

Please join me in welcoming back to the stage Caligie. [Music] >> I'm blinded. What is your profession? >> All right, let's take a quick seat. Get ready to go. Um, it is that time. Please, Mr. Michael Johnson and Tink Nicole Myello. Uh, let's hit it. Let's get to our feelings. Mr. Mike Rubio. Hello everybody. Hey bud. Oh, thank you. [Music] Wow. You people were born when I played. >> Some of you. >> I I told uh Mr. Mike Rousion that uh if we had the opportunity to have Bruce Springsteen, Taylor Swift or Beyonce, you guys would prefer him. Was I telling the truth? If you say yes. I I'd rather see you than those three. That's right. >> Um so Mike, it is uh such an honor and privilege to have you here today. Um but before we get started, um we wanted to share a couple thank yous. And you met Nicole Tink, my back there. So she's going to uh read a couple thank yous that we prepared for you for being here and for who what you are in the world. Would that be okay with you? >> That's fine. Thank you very much. >> Uh Tank, are you ready? Absolutely. Mr. Rosone, on behalf of Unblinded, our certification partners, Unblinded Elite, the entire unblinded ecosystem, my co-founders and leaders, Sean Ki, myself, and all of our loved ones. We'd like to thank you for a few things. Thank you for being here. Thank you, Mr. Arusion, for making the trip to Long Beach Island to be with us at this unblinded version. Your very presence here is a privilege and a gift. Thank you and your team for your voice. Thank you and your teammates for choosing not only to win that game, but to carry a message of belief and possibility into the world for decades in. Thank you for the ordinary becoming extraordinary. Thank you for reminding us that ordinary people through vision, courage, and relentless effort can do the most extraordinary things. Thank you for standing in the fire. Thank you. And thank you to Coach Earth Brooks for braving the rivalries, the conflicts, the pressure, and showing us all that greatness is born in the fire. [Music] Thank you and your team for carrying a nation. Thank you, Mr. Rousion, and your entire 1980 US Olympic hockey team for carrying the spirit of America on your shoulders in the darkest hour. Thank you for scoring the goal of belief. Thank you for putting that cup into the net against the Soviets, not just to win a game, but to ignite belief in a nation that had almost forgotten how to believe. Thank you and your brothers on the ice for proving possibility. Thank you for proving together that giants can fall and that impossibility is an illusion and that miracles are not fairy tales, but lived reality. [Music] Thank you for reshaping history. Thank you and your teammates for a victory that became more than a medal. A moment that shifted the psychology of America and helped open the door to a new future for America and the world. Thank you for embodying team. Thank you for showing the world that legacy isn't written by one hero alone, but by a band of brothers who believed in each other when no one else did. Thank you for your humility. Thank you for staying grounded, bluecollar, integrous, and humble when the world put you on its grandest stage. That humility is more powerful than any goal ever could be. Thank you for your legacy. Thank you for a legacy that lives not only in the record books, but in the hearts of every child who laces up skates. Every parent who whispers, "You can do it." and every human who chooses to leave over despair. Thank you for miracles. And finally, thank you for reminding us all that miracles are not once in a lifetime. They are possible every day in every life in every moment. We choose belief. >> Let's hear one more time. >> Thank you. We I think I I think we could use a 1980 now. >> Yeah, we really could for sure. And and it it feels very difficult for me to call you Mike. We spoke on before and you you asked me to do that, you know, a couple >> I didn't get my last name till I was in the fourth grade. So, Mike's a lot easier. >> Yeah. So, uh you know, I come from a world um very much like you did Northeast. I know I played um probably about 10 years younger than you, but I had a lot of um people that you were shaped by in high school was very much like my high school experiences. You know, I would love to call Mr. Rosone anymore in honor of his request to call Mike, but it feels like you should always be Mr. Rosone. So, thank you for that privilege to call you Mike. Um so, Mike, um what who were you in high school? like what was growing up like and live you know small town big lots of family around like >> lots of family um you know I I I thought my life was like any other kid's life you know I grew up in a I grew up in a three family house uh we lived in the second floor I have four sisters and a brother um this kind of gets a little crazy upstairs was my mother's brother who married my father's sister told you it was going to get crazy and there were five kids in that family and my father's other sister lived on the first floor and they were four in that family. So I grew up in a house of about 15 kids >> and understood the importance of hard work. Learned at a young age how important it was to be a good person, be a good good brother, be a good friend, be a good neighbor of values that my my mother and father taught me as a kid growing up in in this three I thought everybody lived in a three family. I mean I didn't know people had their own homes. Um, and as you know, fast forward, my wife grew up four houses from me, and she's one of 13 kids. >> Wow. >> And I lived next door to the house I grew up in, and my son lives directly behind me. My daughter lives down the street, and my other son, he moved to Connecticut a few years ago cuz she wanted to be near her family. And I said to her, who who moves to be with their family. So, as we talked about earlier, and I have seven seven grandkids now, which is kind of fun. um watching them play hockey, football, lacrosse, they're all had the oldest is 12, the youngest is 18 months. But again, back to, you know, my childhood growing up is you you worked. I cattied as a kid. My dad worked three jobs, my mother stayed home and took care of six kids. Uh there wasn't a lot of money in the house, but there was a lot of love, there was a lot of support, and uh that's kind of how I grew up. Sports was was your vehicle. I played football, I played baseball, probably played more baseball than anything. And hockey was something you did in the winter time. It got cold, you you went and played hockey because your friends played. I remember uh wanting to play hockey because my friends played, but I didn't have any ice skates. My parents didn't have enough money to go buy me ice skates if it wasn't something I wanted to show them I wanted to do. And they used to freeze the tennis courts down the street from where I lived. And in those days, you could go down the tennis courts by yourself, too. You didn't have to have a police escort. And not everybody got a trophy. You just showed up. And and I remember I wanting to play hockey cuz my friends played, but I didn't have any ice skates. But my sister had these white figure skates and I sit fit into her white figure skates. And I'd get the white figure skates and down the hill I'd go on the tennis courts and learn to skate or try to skate. And hockeyy's a macho kind of game. Not only was I in white figure skates, but she had these blue pompoms on her. And that's how I started to play ice hockey. And in those days, you could save, some people might remember, maybe not, you could save SNH green stamps. And I came home one day and there was a pair of hide ice skates on the table. And my mom saved up enough stamps to get me a pair of ice skates. >> And that's how I started playing hockey at 9 years old, never knowing it was going to lead to the Olympics, obviously, but it was something I wanted to do. And like all great parents, you support your kids in what they want to do. So that's kind of how hockey started for me. Like I said, I I probably played more baseball and and I actually, you know, I was an all state football, hockey, and baseball player, so sports were were was my life as a kid. >> And then and Mike, do you think that was, you know, how much of that was baseball, football, hockey was genetic? How much do you think you worked harder, you know, had better coaching? Like, what do you I I think it's it's it's a little of both. But but you know, without hard work, you don't accomplish anything. So I I you know nobody steps on the field. Nobody makes major league baseball or football or NHL players by just skill. There's a lot of work. There's a lot of time. There's a lot of effort. There's a lot of sacrifices that go into people becoming successful. And again, I think of sacrifices. Like I said, my dad worked three jobs. Uh you know, he had a supportive family. So sacrifices he made for giving me a chance to play a game, never knowing it was going to lead, like I said, to an Olympic games. But as a parent, you support your children in what they want to do. And I was fortunate to to have a dad that understood that my love was was sports. And he found a way to make sure I was able to do that. And you know, I look back on my coaches, my high school football coach was a big influence in my life. Uh obviously my college hockey coach, uh Jack Parker, uh at Boston University where I played and and and work right now. And I'm going to tell you, this is, you know, a crazy story, but I I always talk about opportunity. To me, life is about opportunities. It's what you do with that opportunity that counts. And I was given an opportunity to to play a game, never knowing, thinking, or believing, or dreaming it would get to get to, but it did. But I remember graduating from high school. I wanted to go to University of New Hampshire, and my grades weren't really good in school. One thing I kind of messed up was long as I was eligible, I was happy. Um, so I wanted to go to the University of New Hampshire. I went to prep school for a year up in Maine with the hope of going to UNH and playing football, hockey, and baseball. That's what I wanted to do. Well, the hockey coach didn't think I was a division one hockey player. So, I had no school to go to. >> Wow. >> I was, you know, 17 years old with no no college and nobody interested. So, one school that was interested was a school called Marramac College. And Marramac College was a division three. They weren't division one. They were division three school. And they offered me a full scholarship. And for all you parents out there, it was $3,500 my freshman year. I think Boston University is I think 80 something thousand now, but that's thank God I'm not around now. Uh so I wanted to go uh to college at UNH, but I ended up go I'm going to go to Marramac. Well, in the summer I played baseball in the summer. I didn't play hockey in the summer. So a friend of mine called me and he said, "Look, we have a summer league game and uh we need some guys to play." A bunch of guys went away for the weekend. Do you want to play? I said, "Well, you need a player. I'll play." So, I played in the game and it turned out the referee of the game was this guy named Jack Parker who I didn't know who he was. He was just the referee. And when the game was over, Jack Parker pulled me aside. He says, "Hey, I'm Jack Parker. I'm the assistant coach at Boston University." We have a kid from Canada that decided not to come. Would you like to come to Boston University? And I'm like, "Yeah." I mean, BEu is coming off back-to-back national championships at the time. And I said to him, "It has to be a full scholarship because my dad can't afford, you know, $3,500." He goes, "No, it's it's a full scholarship." So, I went to Boston University and Jack Parker was the assistant coach. A guy named Leon Abbott was the head coach. And Leon Abbott didn't know me from Adam, but I made the varsity my freshman year and I was playing a few games here and there. And Leon Abbott got fired for recruiting violations. >> Jack Parker became the head coach. So, I went from centering the fourth line to playing left wing on the second line and led my team in scoring my freshman year. >> Wow. Let's hear for that. Well, I I I tell you this story because if if I had never played in that summer league game, I never would have gone to Boston University. And if I had never gone to Boston University, I never would have ended up playing on the US Olympic team because I would have come out of Marramac versus a national championship contending BU team. So, wow. >> Again, life is about opportunities. And then I was given that opportunity to play on an 80 Olympic team and uh here I am today. So, it's kind of funny how life works. >> It sure is. So, going back for a sec though. I I didn't know that part of the story that you're coming out of high school, you don't have division one offers. Uh fun footnote, by the way, my daughter Courtney went to University of New Hampshire for starting her college career, just as a quick fun footnote. And you had a division three opportunity. And were you coming out of high school thinking and hoping about playing college baseball or football or hockey? Like what was that? What was going on there that was in your mind or you weren't thinking that? So what was happening as you were leading up to going to college? Were you hoping to play a different sport in college or hockey in college? I >> I wanted to play all three. >> I wanted to play football, hockey, and baseball. Even at Boston University, I ended up playing hockey and baseball. they they wouldn't let me play football because it was kind of the beginning of the of the hockey season. But uh yeah, my my my mind was to to play all three sports in college, but ended up just doing two uh at Boston University. Although the next my junior senior I didn't play because I made the US national team and went over to Europe for the world championships. >> Well, like how so and and just I think this is important for the audience, how often we can just be overlooked. So obviously Mike Rouion was incredibly talented. He goes out and ends up starting and be one of the leading scorers in his first year at Boston University, but yet nobody's and this is a defending national championship team, but nobody else is even offering you division one to come play. Like why do you think that was? Was it just you didn't have opportunities to be exposed to college coaches? Like what why weren't you getting those opportunities? Do you think? because they weren't smart enough to realize how good I was. I mean, I'm again, you know, Sean, you and I know each other a little, but I I'm not a real deep thinker. >> I'm not that indepth on things. I I just do things. >> Yeah. >> And I never thought about why they didn't like me. I like I thought I was pretty damn good. >> So, I mean, you guys >> You think he was pretty damn good? Say yes. >> No, but you guys missed that. I I look at the college coaches and I played against these teams and say you missed the boat >> and and you know Boston University four years I I graduated as the all-time leading scorer which has since been passed because players today are a lot better than than when I played. But um you know I I've always been the one thing I've always been is very confident in myself as as as an athlete and as a person. Um you know I I was talking to a group of people the other day and I'm I'm kind of old school. Uh I I believe in a lot of oldfashioned values and things that my dad taught me about pride and commitment and respect. I talked to you earlier about respect and uh I tell kids today, you know, it's easy to be a nice person. You got to go out of your way to be an >> No, you really pardon my language, but these people have heard a few fbombs in so we're okay. >> But it but it's easy to be nice. It's easy to be a good a good a good teammate, a good neighbor, a good friend. And those were things that I always believed in and always taught even at a young age. And I think those are values that that carried with me that carry with me to this day. But I think carried me through my athletic career too was I don't care what other people think. I know what I think and what I care about and what's important to me. And I'm not going to listen to somebody say, "No, you can't do that." If if they do, then it makes drives me even more >> that I want to say, "Really? Let me show you what I can do." and and and not you know not everybody's a great day. I've had challenges over you know 70 years of my life. I haven't lived the greatest you know I've made stupid mistakes and that's part of life. That's part of being you know the world that we live in. But I think, you know, when I when the when the smoke clears, I can look back on my athletic career and and what I've been doing for the last, you know, 45 years since the 1980s, take great pride in in knowing that I I've done a good job at the opportunities I've been given and that I I think people look at me and respect me, clearly respect my teammates. Um, you know, what we did was 45 years ago, and I can talk, we talked about it earlier, I don't know if you follow anything, but we just found out that our team is going to receive the Congressional Gold Medal. uh which is the ultimate which is I mean the ultimate honor you know it's not a sports award it's not an ESPN award this is this is from your country this this is if you look at the recipients of it it's you know something my teammates and I take incredible incredible pride in because our game was more than a hockey game we didn't know it at the time but realized that it was a moment that that that's why I said earlier that that touched the lives of a lot of people in 1979 1980 we we were looking for something going to feel good about the hostages, the gas lines, inflation, uh, and all of a sudden we come along. Uh, and I've said this, and I'll say this till the day I die. Other than being a police officer or a firefighter or somebody in the military, there's no greater feeling than putting on a USA jersey. And I'm not playing for Chicago or Boston. You're playing for your country. And I think in 1980, people saw that in us and rallied people. That was, we didn't go to Lake Plaza to rally a whole country. We didn't even know, you think about it. There was no Facebook or Twitter. there was three TV stations that you know that the social media didn't exist and yet when we won when we got out into the country and realized that this thing was wow pretty big and I think again we we take even 45 years later take great pride in knowing that people uh came together because of what our team was able to do not me what our team was able to do and and showed the world that you know if you believe in something and you're willing to work hard you can accomplish And our team was at Herb Brooks. Our coach used to call us a lunch pale hard hat group of guys because that's who we were. If you follow the backgrounds of my teammates, we all came from working-class families and we're all taught about the important values in life and not just values in the sport of ice. So um like as you a couple quick things. So, some things that we'll think about are things and I'm I'm it's exciting for me that you hadn't thought about that before because one of the things that we about why coaches aren't seeing you because one of the things we talk about here is how do we create the opportunities to be seen, you know? So, when you ended up being asked by a friend, hey, would you like to come play in this game? That was an incredible blessing and you seized that opportunity hearing you loudly clearly and but sometimes you don't get that phone call and have the same opportunity. You didn't know it was an opportunity but you were seizing all the opportunity but if I if I could do you think that you know at that time cuz today I know that you know this is part of your world's all these uh showcases and club teams and every sport imaginable. It was a different world then, right? In in the 1970s, was there anything out there? Was it just like your college co your I'm sorry, your high school coach was going to be talking to college coaches or were there any showcases? How um broken was the talent assessment system of high school hockey at that time that you weren't seeing? I mean, do you think it was just all these college coaches making bad choices about not seeing you or they just never even knew you existed because there's no social media, no showcases, you know? >> No, there were no showcases. You played in your hometown, >> you know. I played in and where where I live now, I played in Winthrop. I played peewee hockey. I played youth hockey. I played high school hockey. I played banttom hockey. There were no all-star teams. There were no travel teams. Uh today it's it's crazy today. the cost. You know, I get these kids, they're on these select teams, these travel teams, and mom and dad are paying thousands of dollars chasing something that might not be there. But the problem now is if you're not on one of these teams, they think they get no chance of being seen, >> right? >> Um in in my day, you know, you were seen because coaches went to your high school games. There were no showcases. So, you want to see the best players play, go to Lyn Arena and watch Winthrop High School play Danver High School. So, I mean, that's basically what it was. We live in a whole different, you know, again, I work at Boston University. You know, we we got three kids from Sweden, we got two from Finland, we got one from Russia. We we're recruiting all over the world. >> Wow. >> And our coaches are out there at these showcases, but all these kids are paying a lot of money to play. And, you know, to me, there's only a few that are going to make it. And I personally think there's kids spend too much money spending, searching, trying, traveling. But that's, you know, that's the the culture. You know, you want to play division one baseball, you got to be on the AAOU team. That's that's what it is today. I'm glad it wasn't like that when I played because you just played. >> Yeah. >> And they were pressures. >> And did you h So when you're at Winthrop then, um did you have coaches? Did you have one, two, five, 10 college coaches come see you? Like how many overlooked you? Was it just a small number or was it a lot of coaches that were coming to your high school? I would say they were probably a small number because there weren't many colleges playing hockey at that time. >> You know, the game has grown. Uh it's, you know, where, you know, when I was a kid, you were from Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, maybe Maine, upstate New York, places like that who hockey players. Now, California, Arizona, Texas, Florida, look at how many players play. Not just men, our women, our women's program. you you can't believe how good the women are now than they were 10 years ago. So, the game has grown. The sport of hockey has grown and more and more kids are playing. So, you know, you're probably going to get seen a lot more now than you would have when when I played because there were just a handful of schools that had division one programs. >> Absolutely. So, when you were then in high school, you're loving baseball, football, hockey. Did you ever think about the Olympics and hockey in high school before college or that wasn't even a thought in your head? >> No, I I I just I just played, you know, I never I wasn't that smart to think ahead other than just uh I'm going to be a senior next year and let's hopefully my senior year will go well athletically, academically, whatever. It always went always went well athletically. Um but I you know I again it was a different era and a different time. I don't know how I would be in today's era, you know, because I I know one thing, my parents wouldn't have had the money for me to play the travel and let the kids play today. So then when once you get to college and all of a sudden you become this standout, like your mastery is rising at that point, were you doing things differently than the other kids? It's like were you doing extra things or were you practicing more intensely than the people on your team or you were just flat out better already? >> No, I I think the practices continue. I mean you you want to play at Boston University, you better be ready to play every year because there's new recruits coming in next year and new players challenging you. Um but it was again it was it was a different thing. I watch our players today. I mean the the when practice is over these guys are in the weight room. We have a nutritionist. We have a sports psychologist that my sports psychologist was my father and my my nutritionist was my mother. Um, you know, we have a sensory room now. Kids have they go in this room and they just sit there and just kind of I don't know what they do in a room. We didn't have any of that We just, you know, you just played. And when the season ended, you know, the summertime, you know, I'd maybe play a little once in a while at the end of the summer to get ready for hockey, but I played baseball in the summer. >> Wow. >> Um, these kids after practice, they go into the weight room. I'm going to tell you the truth. We went to the dugout was the bar on campus. Practice is over. Hey guys, let's go now. We have a few bears and we'll go go to school classes tomorrow and we'll get up and go to hockey practice and after practice, we'll go to dugout for a little while. it it's now it's it's a different different whole scenario and and good for them. I think it's great for the for the players as these guys have aspirations playing the National Hockey League. I wanted to go to Boston University to play at Boston University and if it happened that maybe maybe I could play pro hockey after then that was something but I didn't go you know we have freshman that come in now that first round draft second rounds >> then you got the name edge image and likeness kids getting paid money you know we we lost the number one recruit in the country this year was coming to Boston University he's going to be the first pick in the draft next year he was coming was coming to Boston University he's going to Penn Because Penn State's given them $800,000. >> Wow. That's name, image, and likeness. That if you follow any sports quarterback at Michigan this year is going to make about 9 million. You know, Shidor Sanders, the the football player, he took a pay cut to play for the Cleveland Browns, the money he was making in Colorado. So, you're dealing with a whole different mindset now. Uh there's money. These kids are making money. Yeah. For me, my scholarship was plenty. >> But now it's it's a different environment in this the college sports for men and women. You know, there's the girl I think out in UCLA, the gymnast that's making like stupid money. But that's just the that's the arena we're in now that was never there when I played. When I played, you just played. >> Yeah. So, when you're just playing and you're BEu and you're obviously just standing out, scoring goals, leading the team on the way to breaking the scoring record, at any point did you I mean, you're just playing, you're focusing. Do you remember when the first time you ever thought or heard of the Olympics and hockey? Like when when did that come into your mind? >> Okay, again, crazy story. I got asked to play in the 1976 team Olympic team. >> Wow. >> And I did not want to leave Boston University. In those days, you you'd leave your school right before the Olympics and you'd go play. In our case, we trained for 6 months. It was a whole different mindset in 1980 than it was in 76. So, I had a chance to play in 76 and that was the year I thought we were going to win the national championship. I was a junior at Boston University and decided I was going to stay at BEu. the games were in Hinsbrook and I think the US team came in fourth or fifth but so I I missed that and passed that opportunity up. So again I talk about how my life turned and things in your life that happened. So I graduated from Boston University in 1977 and the New York Rangers they owned my rights. They drafted me. I was a second round draft pick of the New York Rangers. So when the season ended BEu ended that summer I was getting ready to go to camp with the New York Rangers. So, I went to camp with the New York Rangers and I had a really good camp and a guy named John Ferguson was the general manager of the New York Rangers and Fergie called me into his office. He says, "Mike, you had a great camp. We really like you. We think you're going to be a really good player, but we don't we're not signing any new players. We have our first pick, which a kid named Ron Dugay, who had a great career with the Rangers, and we have a bunch of older players, and we're not shelling out any money for any more players, but we want to keep you in our system." So they sent me to Toledo, Ohio, and I played for a team called the Toledo Gold Diggers. Anybody seen the movie Slapshot? That That's where I was. >> You played for the team from Slapshot? >> That was the league. >> Oh, okay. Wow. >> OD Gothor, remember him? Yes. >> He was on our team in Toledo for a week and then he got traded. But anyway, >> so I go to camp. I go to I get sent to Toledo, the New York Rangers, you know, number two farm team. But I didn't have an NHL contract. It was a minor league contract. So, I got paid every two weeks by the Gold Diggers. I made $4,000 my first year in Toledo. I led our team in scoring. I was rookie of the year. I'm going to sign with the New York Rangers. John Ferguson get fired. A guy named Fred Cheryl, who used to be with the New York with the Philadelphia Flyers, he becomes the general manager of the New York Rangers. And he calls my agent and says, "Look at Mike's free to do what he wants to do. Um, we're not signing Mike. We know we had a great year, but we're going in a different direction. Wow. So, here I am in limbo. What am I going to do? So, I go back to Toledo to stay an amateur hoping to get invited to try out for the 80 Olympic team. So, I go back to Toledo. They gave me $8,000 and a van because I didn't have a vehicle when I played there. So, I had a van and I got $4,000 raise, but I still got paid every two weeks. I can get training tomorrow. No NHL contract, which kept me as an amateur, which gave me the opportunity, if I did get to try out for the 80 Olympic team. So, I go back to Toledo that summer. I got a call from Herb Brooks inviting me to try out for the 80 Olympic team. So, I go to the eight triyouts, I make the team, and here I am today. >> That's awesome. If John Ferguson never got fired, I would have signed with the New York Rangers and I would have been considered a pro. >> Wow. >> And not given an opportunity play on the 80 Olympic team. So there are two moments in my life about opportunity. One in high school and second when the Rangers decided to let me go and do what I wanted to do. And I had the best decision that ever happened. >> Wow. And then the Olympic Games and then you know we win and then couple of NHL teams wanted to sign me into pro contracts and I decided it was time to move on and do something else in my life and I was going to coach and teach and then found out that this moment this event was bigger than we could have imagined. >> Wow. And I I remember I was talking to my fizzed school administrator in my high school asking if there might be a fizzed job open next year because I want to teach. And then I was thinking about maybe coaching at Boston University because they was they were might be looking for an assistant coach. And then IBM this was this was in February. And then IBM called my agent advisor and they they wanted me to do 10 appearances. Five at the Fountain Blue in Florida and five at the Drake in San Francisco. I'd never been to California and I'd never been to Florida. And they were going to give me $3,000 just to walk out on the stage and wave. I didn't even have to do anything. I made more in those 10 appearances than my dad made in one year. So, I thought, "This is a pretty good deal. Maybe I'll do some of these again." And then I got into broadcasting. Then I get into obviously speaking and doing things that I' I do now 45 years later. Although, as you all know, I work at Boston University. I've been there 30 years. Uh although if you counted all the days I've been there, probably been there five. I got a good gig at Beu. But it it's just funny how you know your life works, never knowing what you're going to do, what what is available. But like I said, after the Olympics, I was going to coach and teach. That's that's what I was going to do. And then next thing you know, wow, this thing was pretty big. and your life kind of turned or changed. I mean, my life changed to a degree. I I haven't changed. It drives my wife absolutely nuts. Um, and we've been together for 50 years. So, it's not like, you know, I I I always again, I tell my kids all the time the same thing about um I was very happy with who I was before the Olympics. You know, why why should your life change because of an athletic event? It clearly changed a lot of things in my life, but it hasn't. It shouldn't change who you are. You know, my friends are my friends. My family's my family. And I still live where I belong and stay where I am because if we didn't win, I'd be living in that town. I'd be probably have more than three kids because I'd have been home more. So I So for everybody, we had these conversations over the last couple days about these dark moments and the hero's journey. So Mike's this phenomenal player, has nothing going on with colleges besides a division three opportunity. Talked about my opportunities where nobody's looking at me and all of a sudden there's 100 schools looking at me and how God makes all things work together for good or the universe or whatever you believe and same thing. I I mean it's really amazing that Mike comes out second round draft pick might correct me if I'm wrong. Most second round draft picks end up on the team. Isn't that Isn't that relatively normal or Yeah. >> So Mike doesn't this is normal course like you're a second round draft that from a professional team in sports you're gonna be on the team and all of a sudden he's not and that could have been something I mean I'm you know we're getting a sense of Mike and Mike seems like a pretty um incredibly grounded person and he just goes forward. So something that happens that for most people would have been emotionally devastating. What I'm hearing from you, Mike, is he kind of like shrugged and said, "All right, on we go." Because the values that he was raised with, and that's an incredible strength for this man that he's not taking things and trying to analyze why did God do this to me and why is the universe against me? He's just like, "Hey, this is the hand I'm dealt. Let's go." And we do see that things work together for good. as Mike said, maybe he gets on the Rangers, maybe he gets hurt, maybe he plays a little bit and there's a couple of things that happen and all of a sudden he's not eligible for the Olympics. He's not in the NHL and Mike's life looks completely differently. So, these two events that would have been incredibly upsetting and frustrating for most people, maybe not for Mike because he has such an incredibly strong level of selfmastery, right? self masters our language for psychology >> that he's just like hey let's go and he knows that he's going to make whatever happens in his life turn into the right thing am I hearing that correctly Mike that's how you operate >> yeah my dad dad always said to me even there's more to life than athletics and at some point the game ends you know Michael Jordan had to stop playing someday you know these great athletes eventually it ends but your life doesn't end you just because I didn't play you know if let's just say this I didn't go to University, I'd still be happy with my life, whatever that was, because that's the direction I was going to go in. I'm I've I'm I'm always very positive and very upbeat. Um, you know, there's there's so much out there for me to do if I didn't play hockey, if I didn't play football. I'd have done something else and I'd have been happy with what I what I did and what I would was doing. But my life took a different turn and my life went this way. But it shouldn't change, as I said earlier, who I am. >> Absolutely. >> And why why should I be different? You know, just because because I won a gold medal doesn't make me better than people in this room. There are certain things that you can do that I sure as hell can't do. So, everybody brings something to the table. I happen to bring something to the table in terms of my athletic ability. And then it turned out to be what it's become today. >> But I think for me, like I said, if we didn't win, I'd be living in my hometown. I'd be married to the same girl. I'd be coaching and teaching. And that's just the way it was going to be. And that's the way it was going to be. >> So, so this is and and for everybody here, really lock in on this, the the lack of attachment that Mike has to the outcome. He shows up, he gives everything he's got, and then what happens happens. And I'm I'm inspired. I'm not inspired. I'm It's a It's a really We We talk about the difference between inspiration tools, you know, like right a hockey stick's a tool. how you use the hockey stick is, you know, part of your tool. And then you have psychology. And for me, what I'm clear about is I get I get more attached than Mike does. And I invite you to consider the same for yourself. So, thank you, Mike, already for helping me like be a mirror for me. I'm like, yeah, I I took things a lot harder than you did, you know, and that, you know, I'm I had a strong psychology, not as strong as yours. as a high school athlete, as a college athlete. I almost played my way out of college baseball my sophomore year pouting. I was, you know, runner up for Ivy League run rookie of the year my freshman year at Columbia. And the coach tried to change a few things and I was quiet. I wasn't ever mouthy, very respectful. But I would pout it more. I would take things more personally. I would be more upset about things. And what I'm hearing from you is it sounds like you didn't. And if I could ask, when when the Rangers didn't sign you, did you spend, if you remember, did you spend, you know, the night getting upset? You go have a few beers. You call somebody like, "Hey, f it." Like, "Here I go." Or is it like a week you're upset at all? And if so, for how long? When? >> No. I I was pissed off. >> Yeah. >> What do you mean you don't want to sign me? Look what I just did. But then again, hey, that's that's that's your decision. I'll go in a different direction. >> Yeah. >> Um, >> let's hear how strong is that? Look. Not not every day is a great day. Like I said, sometimes things don't go the way you want them to go. What are you going to do? Pout? Quit? >> No. I'll >> most people do, you know. >> No. Why? >> If you pout and quit sometimes, say yes. >> Yes. So, thank you. >> Yeah. No, I that that's not in my that was never in my vocabulary. And I think part of it is the way I grew up. You know, like I said, I saw my dad get up every morning, go to work, come home and go to work, come home, go to work. I saw my mother take care of six kids with no money. So quit is isn't isn't something that I've ever even thought about doing. I know I'm going to be successful at what I do, whatever it was I was going to do. >> So my mindset was has and again that's that's my wife and I get into these discussions all the time. Why are you such a in such a good mood all the time? I said it's because I don't want to be miserable. I don't want to I don't want to live a life of wondering. I'm just gonna do what I want to do and I'm gonna go ahead and do it despite the challenges. And like I said, not every day is a great day. Sometimes things don't work out the way you want them to work out. I missed a two-footer yesterday for $20. I was so pissed off. The next time I have that two-footer, I better make it. So again, I'm I'm not that deep a guy. I'm not that smart a guy. I just live my life the way I want to live it with with total respect for my my family and my my kids and my wife. And uh usually things are going to work out well. And if they don't, there's another day and I'll figure that out. >> Yeah. And and Mike, thank you. And and just so we're like level set, I failed freshman high school geometry for the year as a freshman high school. Um I had a lower uh GPA in high school than I did in law school. So I I wasn't I went to Columbia because of baseball, you know, so it wasn't that I was thinking about things quite the same way then as I am now. And one of the things that I think for these guys like this these are people who are train like this is not a sales program. These are people trained to think about how do you how do you succeed? How do you master things? And so what we're hearing what they're hearing from you is we have the saying that Einstein said make it as simple as possible but not simpler. And honest to God what I'm taking away from you is that it is so simple for you because you just give everything you have. You take the outcome and result and you just go forward. And that is that because my my job my the way I look at people is I try to find out like what's the simple formula that causes microone to be microizone and that's present for me like that's here that's just clear to me and while you're saying it as yeah just like it's easy it's if you think it's not easy for you yet say yes. >> Yes. >> Yeah. It's not easy for me either. But because you do it, what they're trained to do, what I'm trained to do is like we're going to have the the selfmastery according to Microsion, which is very simply don't get attached. Get everything you got. Like the micro word from his dad formula and your identity doesn't change. We'll talk a lot about that. But just go do your thing. What happens? You know it's going to work for good in any way because you're just go do the next thing. You're going to use it as fuel and go forward. So, does that sound like a fair, very simple encapsulation? I >> I've never met a person that's successful because they're lucky. People are successful because they understand the values of work. And again, I'll go back to my dad always said, if you understand the value of work, at some point in your life, you'll be successful. And it might not be today or tomorrow or next month, but when you're the best at what you do, I guarantee it's the time and effort and work that you put in. And those are values that are important. whatever field you're in, whatever challenges you have, if you're not willing to work hard at it, you're not going to be successful. So, I worked hard at everything that I've done, whether it as an athlete or if I happen to go in a different direction. You know, if if sports ended and I went, which it did, I went into a new direction, I'm work damn hard what I do >> in order to be successful at what I do. >> And I think that's to me, it's pretty simple. It's like I said earlier, it's easy to be nice. It's really hard to be an >> So Mike, so >> I live with that. >> And And if you feel that from Mike, say yes. >> Right. If you feel his authenticity, say yes. >> Yes. >> And his mastery. Yes. >> So Mike, you go and these BU's the draft of the Rangers playing hockey in Toledo and now her Brooks calls you up and what happens from there? You then was there in the the movie, right? These guys have seen the movie lots. We show clips all the time. So in the movie there's this shortened version of the try out like could you please take us through what happens? >> Well in the try in the movie the team was picked in one day. Trust me it was two weeks and in the movie they had a bunch of people picking the team. There was only one person picking this team and it was going to be Her Brooks. So I went to the triyout. I got invited. Uh I was on the Great Lakes team. They divided all these players into four teams and we competed against each other over two weeks and Herb Brook sat in the stands, evaluated the players and we were in a room maybe kind of like this, maybe a little little bigger and the 68 players tried out for the 80 Olympic team. I shouldn't say that. Hundreds tried out. 68 got selected. >> 68 of us went to Colorado Springs, competed against each other in a kind of a mini tournament and triyouts were over. 26 players made up the 80 Olympic team, but only 20 were going to Lake Placid. >> Six guys are going to get cut. >> Can I just slow you down for a sec? Is that okay? So, in Colorado Springs when this happens, um what's that two weeks like? Were and I'm just going to give you a couple of like multiple choice where were there fist fights? Were people getting along? Were people like, you know, kind of in the same boat of you know being friends, buddies? Were there rivalries from college? Like how was all that? What was Colorado sprints like? >> Well, it was it was a tournament. It was competitive. Um there was a team from Massachusetts which I was not on. I was on the at large team. So my team was guys from Michigan, Minnesota, New York. Then there was the Minnesota team and then there was another atlarge team >> and that and that had players from her coach Brooks's college team, right? >> A lot of the a lot of the kids played under her at the University of Minnesota >> because they for everybody. So, Coach Herb Brooks coached the University of Minnesota. They were a top program in the country. Mike played at Boston University, a top program in the country. And correct me if I'm wrong, there's a big rivalry. Yes. >> Well, we had the year before the Olympic triyouts in the national championship, Minnesota and Boston University got into a bench clearing brawl. >> I would call that a big rivalry. >> Uh, four minutes into the game, both teams >> national championship. >> Yes. Both teams should have been thrown out of the tournament because you can't fight in college. >> So, we ended up losing a player. They lost a player. They ended up beating us in the game. Then they were >> Who was the player you guys lost? >> We lost Terry Mahar who was our leading goal scorer at the time. >> Right. >> And they lost one of their guys who wasn't quite >> the guy Terry Mahar. >> Yes. >> Did Did he make the 80 Olympic team? >> No. Terry was from Canada. >> Got it. >> Played he was the captain of our team in 19 in 1976. >> And Jack O'Calahan. He played for >> Jack was a freshman at Boston University at that time. Got it. On that team, >> right? There were four guys when the smoke cleared at the end. There were four guys from Boston University, nine from the University of Minnesota, two from Wisconsin, two from Bowling Green, one from North Dakota, and two from Minnesota Duth. >> But there were of the 20 guys, 12 of the 20 players were from Minnesota. >> Wow. >> And 13 of the players then, if I'm counting correctly, nine from Minnesota, four from BU. So 13 of the players were from this big rivalry with nine from Minnesota and four from Boston University. >> Well, and Wisconsin and Minnesota had an huge rivalry. >> Oh, >> because national championship battles for years. So there was a lot of animosity between the two programs. But so we're in the room and and 68 players tried out and uh Herb came up to the to the stage and he he said, "If I call your name, please stay and if I don't, thanks for coming." And listen, forgive me for interrupting. I just want to really let these guys get it because they've seen some of these clips. >> So, do you think in that moment, >> A, I know I made the team. B, I think I made the team. C, I hope I made the team, you know, probably B because I I was on the Great Lakes team and I was elected captain of the Great Lakes team >> and then we the Great Lakes team won the tournament. >> Oh, wow. >> And I led our team in scoring. So, I thought I'm going to be on this team, but the concern I had was Minnesota coach, Western players, Eastern coach, Eastern players. That's how it always was years before. >> It was an Eastern coach that he was going to pick most of the guys going to be from the East because he knew them. So, my concern was, is Herb going to take an Eastern guy? >> Wow. >> So, we're all in the room and I remember the first name he called was Ken Mororrow. Ken, he was a great defenseman from Michigan. >> He went for the Islanders. He played he won four Stanley Cups right after the Olympics. That's a pretty good run. And I'm sitting there thinking, I hope this isn't alphabetical. My name's not going to get called. And then my name was called. And so there were 26 players in the room. And then her >> You were the second name called. >> Oh, no. I was called later on down the road. I forget who was called. >> Were you starting to get concerned? >> Yeah, you we all antsy wondering, you know, kind of listening. Is it going to be me? Is it going to be me? Um, and it's interesting because now we have the Winter Olympics coming up in February. The Team USA is going to have 26 players, 25 players. They carry more now than they did then. Then they could only carry 20. So 26 players make up the team and then we're going to embark on six months of training and six guys are going to get cut throughout the course of of the season. And you're still up until I I was elected captain in October >> by this by the players. >> By the players u, but I don't think I was voted by the players. There's no way nine guys from Minnesota voted for a guy from Boston. Um, and as our assistant coach said, we voted, but Herb counted the ballots. I think Billy Baker was probably named captain by the team because the nine kids played with him at the university and Billy actually was the assistant captain of the 80 team. But for whatever reason, they gave me the the captaincy, which was not a big deal to me. I think my dad was more excited than than I was because I've always said I was a captain amongst captains. We had a team of captains. Everybody in that team was a captain of their high school team. Uh eight guys were captains of their college team. So it was a it was a great group of leaders and people. So the captaincy was was nice, but it wasn't that oh my god, I'm the captain. So 26 players made up the team and throughout the course of six months uh of travel and training, six were going to get cut. And up until the last week, I still wondered if I was going to be one of the 20. >> Can I take you back for a second? Is that okay? During So during Colorado Springs that time, was Herb Brooks quiet and just watching and scouting or was he already starting to be coach her Brooks towards everybody? >> No, he was coach Brooks and that's the way it was going to be. we were going to travel, played, I think we played 60 some odd games all around the country, went to Europe for a month, played overseas. Um, and then throughout the course of the six months, he evaluated all the players and, uh, you know, he threatened to cut me two weeks before the Olympics. Uh, he said, "Look, you're just not doing it. I just don't know what I'm going to do." And I'm like, "Wait a minute. I'm I'm the captain." And I'm thinking, "Well, he's the coach." and you know always and and it's even funnier years later Herb would call my house and this was before cell phones and my wife would answer the phone and she'd go uh it's Coach Brooks and I'm like oh here I am I got three kids at home and I'm worried he's going to yell at me [Applause] he was always in charge even when he threatened to cut me I thought he would and it was just the last kind of jab at me to get me going for whatever reason I don't know but he was a he was a incredible mind kind of guy. He loved to to get into people's heads and players heads. And um part of me said he can't cut me, I'm the captain. And the other part said, you know, he just might. He's crazy enough to do it. >> So when in in in the um you guys get together, like the movie depicts um a moment that Mike told me actually didn't happen. He didn't say, "Who do you play for? I play for team USA." Um, but there was a night of crazy skating. So, Oh, yeah. Can you can you take us through that night? And and and if that was was there a time the team was the movie Miracle shows great division between the players. Was there that kind of division or is that a little exaggerated or what was it really like? And then how does that fit into the skating? The division was what they thought was going to happen once the team was picked. Everybody kept, "Can the Minnesota and the Massachusetts guys get along? Can the Wisconsin Minnesota guys get along?" And and we bonded right from the beginning. And and I tell you that because anybody who's played hockey, you realize at a young age how important your teammates are. Hockey is the ultimate team sport. And you know how important, like I've said many times, Mark Johnson, who's from Wisconsin, was our best player. We don't win without Mark Johnson. But how good would Mark be if the right wing and the left wing and the defenseman and the coaches weren't doing their job? So we understood everybody had a job. Everybody had a role. Understand what your job is. Understand what your role is. And we as a team have an opportunity to be successful. That was the mindset from the beginning. Not everybody's going to be out on the power play. Not everybody's going to be out killing penalties. Everybody's got a job and a role. We do that. We'll be fine. To me, I've always said this, there's no better place to be, whether it's on a team or in business, when everybody that you're with has the same goals and objectives that you have. And our goals and objectives as a team was to be the best, never knowing it was going to lead to a gold medal. But we knew in order for us to be successful, we had to believe in oursel, but we had to believe in each other. And that's a great place to be. >> That's awesome. >> To go to practice every day knowing everybody's willing to sacrifice to be the best. And that's that was our mindset from the beginning. So the teams picked 26 guys. Then right before the Olympic Games, we he cuts the last two players. >> Can I the again again night? The >> the skating skating. Yeah. >> We played Norway and the game ended in a three-3 tie and Herbert wasn't very happy with the way >> Norway was not like a world power. >> No, we should be able to handle the Norwegians. They're not known for its hockey. And it ended in a three-3 tie. And in the movie Miracle, they have the guys on the bench looking at the girls in the stands that look at her. Look at her. Trust me, that didn't happen. I told my wife that didn't happen. I said the guys from Minnesota were looking at the girls. I wasn't on. But we did skate. We skated for an hour and a half. They shut the lights off in the building. We didn't go 20 at a time. We only went We was five guys at a time. And only 15 of us dressed that night. The other 10 guys were in the stands watching. So we did the herpes for about an hour and a half. The game ended. The drill ended when Mark Johnson smashed the stick against the glass. And Herb said, "If I hear another stick smash against the glass, you'll skate till you die." >> I say that one more time. What did Coach Brooks say? >> If I hear another stick smash against the glass, you'll skate till you die. >> That is called Zeus energy, ladies and gentlemen. Yes. >> Then they then they shut the lights off in the building. just had the electrical lights on and we finished the skate and he brought us in the locker room. He and he said, "If you play this way again tomorrow, you're gonna skate again." Well, we beat Norway eight to nothing the next day. But you I'm going to tell you why we I I tell the story about why we skated. Uh it wasn't because we were looking at the girls in the stands. To me, this is the message from Herb was this. There there are a lot of important values in life and the most important one is respect. And we skated that night because of three things. He said to us, "If you don't respect yourself, you won't be successful. If you don't respect your teammates, people that you work with, people that you associate yourself with, you will not be successful. And if you don't respect your competition, you will not be successful." We never made that mistake again. And now I'll fast forward, we win the Olympic gold medal. We beat Finland. A lot of people don't know this. If we lose to Finland, we could have have won no medal. There was a chance we could have come in fourth place. We beat Finland, we win the gold medal. We go back in the locker room. It is bedum bedum in the locker room. All our parents are in the locker room. You couldn't go anywhere in Lake Placid without your badge with your name tag. To this day, how our parents got in the locker room, we have no idea. How my dad get in with a six-ack of beer. I have no idea. My dad was sitting waving at me like it was a high school game. And the lock room was the size of this here. It was so tiny. All of a sudden, Herb calls me into the back area. And he says, "Mike, I just got a call from President Carter and they are sending Air Force One tomorrow morning at 6:30 in the morning to take you guys to the White House. I want you to make sure that everybody's in bed early and nobody acts up tonight." And and I looked I looked at Herb and I said, "Who's going to watch me?" I got to tell you the truth. We stand out all night. But why I tell you that story was Herb never wavered from that value. Respect your success. Respect your accomplishments. Respect the time, the effort, the work, and the sacrifices we put in collectively and you put in individually. So even though we had won this incredible moment, although Herman and like I said earlier, our team didn't know it was that big a deal, he never wavered from that fact. respect your success. >> Wow. >> And that's that's that's an important value that you have to have in life, not just sports. >> And I think that's and we talked about a little earlier. >> I think that's what we've lost sight of in in our countries. People just don't respect people anymore. >> And you know, we I can mention it, but we we just got awarded uh our team's going to receive the Congressional Gold Medal, which is I think did I say that earlier? >> You did. Yeah, I did. Well, I repeated myself. That's >> um but that is an ultimate honor for our team >> and and I think that's you know what makes our team and separates our team from other athletic achievements is that it was a US story and not Boston or Chicago. So >> I think Herb was the right guy to keep and maintain those values that are so important in life. He he was an old school guy, you know. He was he was, you know, lunch pale, hard hat. That was our team. That's the way he coached us. That's the way he was. >> And Mike, so now we're getting towards the Olympics and there's the the game against the Soviets at Madison Square Garden. And do you think that why do you think her want to play that game? Was it just, hey, this is part of the schedule? Was there, you know, any deeper thought you think by, you know, coach Herb Brooks and the game did not go well for you guys? And how did how did that all fit into what would happen at the Olympics, if at all? It's just like a game and like, hey, you watch the audio. >> Well, for me, it was the last, you know, why we scheduled the game, I have no idea other than maybe Herb wanted us to play the Soviets just to see what the competition was going to be like because during our season, we played 68 games against colleges, minor league teams. Uh, we had a great series with the Canadian Olympic team. We played him eight times. >> Uh, we had a great series with the Soviet B team, not the A team. The A team was playing the New York Rangers, the New York Islanders, the, you know, NHL teams as they prepared. So, the last game was in Madison. So, you guys understand this? Like, so they're the 1980 team that Mike is on. They're playing against college teams, minor league teams. The Soviets are playing against the NHL teams and beating them. And the NHL Allstars, Mike and the team, these are college players. The Soviets, because of communism versus capitalism, are professional hockey players essentially where their life is paid for. Their role is paid for. And these are um much older players, much more seasoned players like they would be NHL players. Pete, they were beating NHL teams and NHL Allstar teams. But Mike, back to you going to Madison. >> Yeah. So, we we step on the ice. Um, you got to remember one thing, too. Some of the Soviet players were going for their third consecutive gold medal. That's playing together for 12 years. Some of these guys, the average age of our Olympic team in 1980 was 21 and a half, 22 years old. Matter of fact, I don't know if anybody here follows college hockey, but our Olympic team in 1980 would be the youngest team in college hockey today. >> Wow. >> That's and I was 25 at the time and Buzzy Snder was 25. Neil Broton was 18. Mike Ramsey was 18. Baby Christian was 19. So we step out of the ice in Madison Square Garden. The building sold out. This is two days before the Olympic Games and we lose 10 to three. >> Totally embarrassed, totally humiliated. God, we thought we were good and all of a sudden we got welcome to the world moment. So we lose 10 to three, the game's over. The last two guys get cut from the team. Now 20 of us are going to get on the bus the next day and go to Lake Placid for the Olympic Games. And when the game ended, Herb didn't say anything to us. He said, "Go back to the hotel, get a good night's sleep, come back to the rink in the morning, we'll pack our bags, and we'll go to Lake Placid." Never mentioned talked about the game. So the next morning I pick up the New York Post, wrong newspaper to pick up and the article talks about how the US team has no chance in the upcoming Olympic Games. The Soviets are the best team in the world. They will win. They will win the gold medal in the US has no no chance. And it said we didn't have the talent, we didn't have the ability, we didn't have the experience to compete at that level. And then there was a quote from Herb Brooks and Herb said, "I knew our team was in trouble when the Soviet players were being introduced. My players were applauding him and it was like there's Kalamov, there's Yakashev, there's Crout, these great players we heard so much about her was a great speaker, great motivator. We go in the locker room to get ready to go Lake Placid. He said, "Gentlemen, if you ever get a chance to play the Soviets again," and we don't know if we are because they're in the other division. We had to win our own division or come in second in our division to even get a chance to play that. He says, "Remember how you played in the second and third period, not the first period. We were losing six to nothing after one period." And I tell you that because he turned a negative into a positive right away. He said, "Look how even you played with them when you guys were ready to play." So instead of screaming and yelling at us, saying how much we sucked or how bad we were, we walked away thinking, "Wow, we played even with the best team in the world." Wow. And I tell that story because when things don't go well, and there are times things don't always go well, find something bo positive and build off of that because if you think negative things, guess what? Nothing but negative thoughts will stay in your head. >> So, we get on the bus clearly excited about what just happened. We played even and we don't know if we're even going to play him again. So, our mindset going into Lake Placid was totally different than if he had screamed and yelled at us. So, we get to Lake Placid and the tournament starts. But uh that game that we lost 10 to three was never ever talked about again. Even when we got to playing the second time in in Lake Placid, the day before at practice, Herb never said remember what happened last time. That game didn't it was like it didn't even exist. All he talked about was positive. Do the things we need to do in order to win. We were never concerned about other teams. Herb said it in the movie, I think a lot. I haven't seen the movie in years, but play your game, play your game. That was constant on our bench. We were never concerned about what other teams were doing. We needed to control the things we needed to control and do the things that we needed to do in order to be successful. So, play your game. Play your game. Throughout the Soviet game, that's what he talked about. Never once did he bring up anything negative about what had happened before. >> So, your mindset's different. Your mindset's totally different. This game didn't It was like it didn't even exist. It was something in the past. >> And I wouldn't have expected to hear that. That's extraordinary, >> right? I mean, would you guys have expected to hear that? >> Yeah. Extraordinary. So now you're at the Olympics and as it starts and I think you play Sweden game one. Am I right? >> Okay. So going into the Sweden game as you're you know you're there was there any talk in the team about how you guys would do gold medal medal rounds or the team culture was more like just play the game in front of you? Did it guys talk about things that how is that psychology? >> Well we got to Placid and the first thing you do is you go into the room where they're going to give you the clothing that you're going to wear for the opening ceremonies. In our case it was sheepkin jacket, jeans, cowboy boots, cowboy hat. I live in Boston. That's the last time I'm going to wear a cowboy hat and boots and jeans. But anyway, that was this, you know. So, you get all your clothing and then I remember there was a stack of Sports Illustrated and you go over and you're picking them up because they get predictions. Speed skating, bobsled, luge. And you read it's got ice hockey and it says the Soviets will win the gold medal. They're the best team in the world. Czechoslovakia because of the rivalry between the two countries from a political standpoint at the time. And the and the checks had the three Stasny brothers who were great players. They might might give the Soviets a game. Then it said Sweden, Finland, Canada, and West Germany will fight for the bronze. The United States will be anywhere from seventh to 10th place. >> And I think it was the same guy who wrote the article in the New York Post because it said we didn't have the talent, the ability, or experience to compete at that level. And I remember seeing it the second time. It reminded me of my high school football coach. My high school football coach told me that that ability in a dime gets you a cup of coffee. >> And you think about it in your life, how many times we've all been around people with great ability and great talent and can't get the job done, >> right? It's like now I can take you all outside. I can measure how far you can run, how high you can jump. I can measure how much weight you can lift. But I can't measure heart and I can't measure pride and I can't measure commitment. And those are intangibles. I've said this, little things separate good teams from great teams and little things separate good business from great business. Intangibles, hard work, qualities that our team had. So, we open up the Olympic Games against Sweden and there's nobody in the building at that time because the opening ceremonies were the next day. So, the games hadn't officially officially started and there were maybe two 3,000 people in the stands. Billy Baker scores arguably the biggest goal of the Olympics with 28 seconds left to go. We tie Sweden two to2 and it was a huge point because nobody thought we could beat Sweden. >> Yeah. And at the end of the game, sorry. Yeah. So they're they're losing by a goal into the final minute. Correct. >> 28 seconds. >> 28 seconds left. They're losing. If they lose this game, then basically there's no way you're going to make the medal round. >> Yeah. But it would have been really hard because that was a big point for us to get. >> Yeah. >> So we we tie Sweden. We get a point. Next day is the opening ceremonies which was incredible. Next day, Czechoslovakia, the only team that anybody thought could beat the Soviets. And we blow them out. We beat them seven to three. >> Now everybody's talking about the US hockey team. You can't go anywhere. You can't talk to anybody. The good thing was there was no media. There was no Facebook and stuff like I told you earlier. So, we didn't know what was being written. And we're in a little village in Lake Placid, which is about the size of this church. And you know, we beat them, then we beat Norway, then we beat Romania, then we beat West Germany. Now we're in the medal round. That was our goal. Get to the medal round. And as it turned out, we were second in our division cuz Sweden had a better goals for and goals against. So it's a crossover. Number two plays number one. Obviously number one and the other side was the Soviets, Italy. They were averaging seven goals a game. They beat Japan 16 to nothing two nights earlier. >> Wow. >> And we're going to play them. That's that's the deal. You're in the tournament. So you got the next game is the Soviets and now we'll play them. >> Yeah. And so uh the movie shows the pregame speech. I think when we had spoken um a few months ago, you had mentioned I think that more of what Herbrook says in the movie in the Soviet pregame speech he said in practice the day before. Is that right? >> Right. The speech in when I saw the movie for the first time and I heard his speech I went oh that's long. I don't remember him saying that. But I remember him saying, "You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours. Tonight is your night." But in the movie, they lengthened it because of what he talked about in practice the day before. They're ripe. They're ready to be beaten. If anybody can beat him, you guys can beat him. And we know went on and on and on about that. So, I think they incorporated what he said the day before into the speech before the game. >> So, and and and they showed the wall in the game. >> Yeah. Yeah. Did how did that build over the Was that a real thing that the wall letter? >> Yeah, we got telegrams. I mean, every day you'd get bags of telegrams from people all across the country. That's the only kind of way that we knew people were watching, but I remember we got a telegram from a lady in Texas and I live in Boston and all the telegram said was, "Beat those commie bastards." I swear to God, that's all it said. And I was like, "Wow, that's cool." So that went up on the wall. And a lot of telegrams would come to individual players, family, friends, and some just to the team in general. And it was a great way to spend, you know, you come to practice and there'd be telegrams you'd open up and read it and put it up on the wall. So we're walking out of the locker room onto the ice and that wall of telegrams were there. So we knew people were, you know, watching from afar, but nowhere nowhere did we have an idea the world was watching the way they were. >> So that was kind of motivating for us as as a team. And then we went out and obviously beat the Soviets 4 to3 and two days later we had to play Finland. >> How what does that bring up bring back if anything for you? >> Just the emotion in the locker room. See how quiet it was. >> It was deadly quiet. Our locker room was never quiet. Guys would be eating hot dogs before the game. You know, Neil Bro, like I said, Neil Broton, 18 years old, he'd have a slice of pizza before he go on the ice. And I'm sitting, oh, how can you eat anything like that? But this game here um just I remember how walking in the locker room how deadly quiet it was and I'm thinking wow we are we are just we are focused and we are ready. Although I thought we were ready for every game we played but never in the locker room was it quiet like like that. And then I think the you know the speech as I said to you a lot of that stuff he talked about the day before that I'm sick and tired of the Soviets and everybody talking about them >> and I thought they did a great job of combining everything >> and I think the music adds a little to it too >> and and Kurt Russell was was I told you he was amazing as Her Brooks although friendlier in the movie. >> Well let's hold it that guy this is something Mike said to me just a little while ago. Kurt Russell playing Herb Brooks, he said, was much softer and friendlier than what you saw in the movie. And like >> like Herb's wife's in the movie and I don't think I saw her once all year. I didn't even know what she looked like. But but they Yeah, there's a couple scenes in the movie that he smiles and I'm like that's not the guy that coached me. >> So did you ever see Herbrook smile? >> Yeah, years later. because I was a broadcaster for the New York Rangers um when Herb was the head coach. >> So, I got to see a little another side of Herb. Herb Herb made a choice to coach our team that way. He he he was going to be the it was good cop, bad cop. Craig Patrick, our assistant coach, was huge how important he was because Herb stayed away. He was an sob. That's the way he was going to be. partly because again all the Minnesota guys on the team. If Herb s, you know, favored the Minnesota guys, it would have created an an unpleasant locker room. But the fact that he was a to all of us and was a was a hard demanding coach bonded us even more together because it was always us against against him. You know, we'll prove you wrong. Really? You're going to yell at Buzzy then you're yelling at me. and we understood that and he says he said many times there's a a method to my madness but he did say after the Olympic games he would have loved to have been closer to that team but choose not to be >> and so he was sacrificing what he wanted emotionally for himself for some greater outcome. Yes. >> Um any and we'll get to are we ready for the come out to the game tank? >> Okay. So, we'll go there in one sec. And so, just in a little bit of fun, were there any moments where he just did something totally crazy and insane or what were some of the more ridiculous moments? They felt ridiculous then, but as you look back, any unique, crazy, interesting moments between the team and him or things he said that come up for you, Mike? >> No, he was he was just a prick to play for. Um he John Harrington um used to write down we called them Brooksisms. >> Herb would come out with these statements and and Harrington would write them all down and we kept them a book of them. You know one thing one time he said weave weave weave but don't weave for the sake of weaving and weaving was interriss. That's the style of hockey that we were going to play. So weaving was the international thing. And I remember sitting there going what? Weave weave weave but don't weave for the sake of weaving. and and he told Ken Morrow one day in practice that he was skating like he had a 10 pound fart on his head and Kenny skating around going, "What's it look like? What's it look like?" So, there were some stupid things that he said that kind of made you laugh a little. >> Yeah. >> Um but for the most part, he he stayed pretty true to form um as far as being this is the way it's going to be and and like I said, we we got it. We understood it, but we as a team kind of had fun with it sometimes without him knowing it. And there's a a scene in the movie with an interaction after the Soviet came between Jim Herbrooks and Jim Craig. Did that happen? How did he relate to Jim Craig? You know, Coach Brooks. >> Um I I don't know that. I that must have been something was separate. You know, goenders, you usually just leave him alone. We had a goalender coach who could probably maybe deal with Jimmy. >> Okay. >> Uh but but for the most part, um you know, what whatever they said, I I wouldn't have I wouldn't have remembered or thought about. And and it is correct by the way, the team has never been back to did the whole team make it on to Air Force One that next day or they didn't >> uh just Jim Craig did not. He went he went to Atlanta because he signed with the Atlanta uh hockey team. >> So it is true that not even at the White House the next day >> has the team ever been back together again since they were all on the podium together. Is that correct? >> Is that crazy? I I remember sitting on the plane going back to Boston after we go to the White House and then found out that this thing was huge. And I remember getting on the plane at Eastern Airlines, that's how long ago that was. And I'm sitting next to Dave Silin. Silki's kind of got tears in his eyes and I said, "Sily, what's the matter?" And he just looked at me and he went, "It's over. We're never going to play together again." And it was like, "Fuck, you're right." And we all went our separate ways. you know, Neil Bratton signed, Mark Johnson signed, all these guys, you know, signed pro contracts. And I remember going home and we won the gold medal on Sunday. And Monday night, my mother's making me dinner. And I'm like, what the hell just happened to me? Where, you know, and I had to get up early the next morning to go to New York to do Good Morning America. And I slept in my own bed, you know. My mother made breakfast the next morning and had a car limousine taking me out to the airport to take me to New York. And I got on the Eastern Airlines shuttle and everybody on the plane started applauding and I turned around. I didn't know who got on the plane. I swear to God. I went, "What the what? You people watched?" And the pilot and he just wrote a book. Uh the pilot um in the book he mentions he told me to get out of my seat and come and sit behind him on the plane because people wanted to come up and and talk to me and get autographs and pictures. and he said, 'Don't tell anybody we were here because you're not allowed to be here. You're not, you know, a member of Eastern Airlines. And I remember getting off the plane and the New York line, the people, they were all clapping and patting me on the back. I'm like, hell, you know what? What happened here? You people watched. It was it was it was crazy, you know, to go from having no idea to oh my god, my god, I was 10 years old. I was not a hockey player. I did like the Islanders that time, but I was much more of a baseball, football, basketball fan and player. And nobody in my family was a hockey person at all. And I remember fighting with my mom to help Rush get me home so we could listen to the game on the radio because I don't if I recall correctly, it wasn't in I was in New Jersey. It wasn't being broadcast on television >> that was taped to late the Soviet game. >> So I had to listen to it on the radio and I was I was a huge USA person. So I love the Olympics. I watched everything. So I didn't necessarily just love hockey, but I loved all of it. And I sat by myself in the basement of my parents house, small house on a main road. We weren't three family, two family, and listened to this go on. And as a 10-year-old, somehow, I mean, couldn't stand the Soviet Union. Commie bastard. It's like, you know, I was in a commie bastard household for sure. And uh it meant everything. And I sat there as a 10-year-old by myself crying when you guys won. And what all those people did and they were sharing it. It just couldn't be more real. And I thank you for that with all my heart because what you guys did was life-changing for me. And every time along the way that I faced challenge, I couldn't find out I was going to go blind to high school sports challenges and everything that would come in my life. things to this day. Your signature or a fraudulent version of it, but I hope it's yours. Um, is on a jersey in my library in my house along with the hockey skates. It has the 80 blue jersey. Well, you guys signed it and the skates. And that is the core of everything for me is what you guys did. And it is it is so unbelievable. And it is totally believable. And what how I relate to what you guys did personally and what we talk about here is it it was totally possible. It was almost impossible but obviously was totally possible. And because of the process, the system that was put in place, we call that the math. The math, the numbers, the dynamics, and the heart. Coach Herbrooks put that together. you as captain was such an incredible leader amongst leaders as you always say all these leaders and you really did do something that was virtually impossible that changed the course of human history and it's so unbelievable and remember you know Mr. Michael Rosioni isn't um on television. He's not in movies. He's not on social media, but he's at the sea shell today. And what happened? And then what happened? >> Then they wanted to take pictures. Then they wanted autographs. Then they started chanting USA, USA. And I'm like, uh, look at my I just wanted a drink. And it was who's going to recognize me here? And you know, so I finished my drink and took some pictures and signed some f auto photographs and left my drink at the bar. I'm still pissed off. >> We'll get we'll get you a few drinks. >> Oh, I'm going to get a few later. >> So fairly accurate, not fair accurate. And how were you so focused that you don't even remember hearing USA? Were you at all aware of the moment and the magnitude or were you just like I'm focused and we're going to go play this game? Like how exactly? >> You know, it's it's when you're on the ice, you don't hear anything. >> You hear a teammate, you know, asking for a pass or her yelling, changing up the lines or whatever. Uh so you don't hear any chance. You're on the bench, you could hear the crowd a little, but you're still, you know, it's you're just so geared to what you're doing, what you're watching, uh that you don't everything's kind of blocked out. And it's funny because I'm not that smart a person, but it's amazing the focus that you can have in a situation like that where you're just your mindset is just on the ice and you know what's happening in front of you. >> Awesome. Do you miss playing at all? >> Oh, no. No. Um I skate. I help out with my high school team. I've been, you know, 45 years a volunteer coach. I skate with my grandkids. They play. So, uh we were talking earlier. I got a little rink I put in my backyard so the kids will the grandkids come over and we'll skate and things like that. But uh >> I don't want cuz I may fall and miss them. Uh I I I'm a golfer so I'd much rather do that than than than skate around the ice. Uh I don't need the aggravation. Plus I I just can't do things, you know? I try to lift the puck and my shoulder hurts. I'm like >> So quick fun fact. Um and we're going to take then go to the next spot. the game is tied three to three and I don't know some guy scores a goal that puts the USA up four to three so maybe we'll go there next but um not that long ago Mike was um golfer and he ends up um at this place and there's a shared experience and some people around the table and I think it was uh Tiger Woods Jack Nicholas who is considered to be the greatest golfer in history by many Jack Nicholas's son and oh the President of the United States, President Trump. And President Trump's like, "Come on over." And so Mike is sitting there and I think um you reminded the president of a very important fact that he might not have been aware of with Tiger Woods and Jack Nicholas and some difference between you guys. >> Well, I you know what, and I'm not going to get into politics because I've known President Trump a long time. He used to play celebrity golf with us and while he was the president, I played a couple of rounds with him because I'm a member at his club. So, I was going to play that day, but Jack Nicholas's son ended up playing. I was going to be the fourth in the group. So, they're done golfing and I was sitting at a table and the president called me over and sit down and we're just talking back and forth about this and that. And I looked at the president and I said, "Hey, boss." I said, "There's a lot of majors between these two guys, but I'm the only gold medalist at the table." And he and he looked he just he went he went, "That's funny." Just give me a heads up where you are. Um, so game's going. Okay, one sec. Game's going. You're playing and is it what I'm hearing is it's for you, you're so focused the team, it's like just another hockey game. But I think a Keith I think and correct me if I'm wrong, but what I'm also hearing is because you treat it like just another hockey game. You no longer were elevating the Soviets. You're playing hockey and the game is now 3 to3 in the third period correct not correct or was there any time in the game when it kind of changed where you guys became clear was just a hockey game. We could beat these guys like did you come into the game just as a game or did your confidence as a team do you think build over the game? >> Well, you know first of all you know you go into the game thinking you can win. If you think you're going to lose you probably will. >> So I mean we knew it was going to be difficult. We knew we had to play well. We had to be smart. We had to be disciplined. Uh we couldn't take penalties. We couldn't get into a shootout. Um because if you know we weren't scoring five goals, you know, four four we got four because you know if they scored if they scored five, we weren't getting five, >> right? >> But that again that's the way the game kind of went. But you know as a player you just focus on what you're doing. Um doing your job, do the things that you're you're asked to do. Go out there every shift, play hard, play smart, be disciplined, and you know, the game just kind of goes the way it does. And you know, obviously Mark Johnson scores a goal with no time left on the clock to to tie the game >> at the end of the first period. >> The end of the first period was a huge goal because we didn't play really well in the first. We weren't terrible, but we didn't play well in the first. Jimmy played great. So, it's 2-2, you know, then then it's, you know, it's 3-2 them and it's 3-3 us. And like I said, if if it it got if it got to be 4-2 them, the game's over because now we got to chase them. Now we got to change the way we want to play. the fact that the game stayed the way it was going >> because you guys were you were never down two goals in the game. >> No, right. >> Yeah. >> No, we were never down uh you know, I I'll give you a statistic that I didn't know about till a couple years ago. In the third period of the Olympics, the third period, we outscored our opponent 16-3. >> That is unheard of. We gave up three goals in the third period all tournament long. >> We didn't give up any to Finland. We didn't give up any to Sweden. And we didn't give up any to um the Soviets in the third period. >> Conditioning. >> Condition. >> Condition. I think conditioning was a big part of our success. Uh we played four lines. We didn't just play one and two. We we rolled four lines. Everybody played. Everybody contributed. >> Do you ever watch the movie and think it might not go in? >> But I mean and and Mike, I know that you're a humble man and like listen, I'm not that deep. Um do you feel anything when you watch that or or no? feel happy that it goes in. Um, you know, yeah, obviously it it brings a smile to your face. You know, for me, uh, knowing I was able to help out our team at a time when we needed something to happen. Uh, like I said earlier though, if Mark Johnson doesn't score his two goals, who knows my goal doesn't mean anything. But the fact that I scored at a team and I did and there were still 10 minutes left to go in the game, it was a long 10 minutes. Uh but in the movie uh like I said I haven't seen it in years but in the movie they have like at the end after I scored like this the Soviets they just save Craig, save Craig, save Craig. And when you watch the actual footage I scored with 10 minutes left to go in the game and the Soviets only had five shots on goal in the last 10 minutes. >> We totally we totally shut them down in the third period and and especially the last 10 minutes. But again, you know, I look at it, yeah, it's nice it went in. I got the winning goal and uh we win four to three. >> And so what that means is and and take let's get ready to watch the last very end of the game. >> Okay. So for everybody that means that they just kept playing the game and as the Soviets became more desperate and urgent sounds to me like what Mike Rosion is saying is that they were taking that momentum as a team and they were shutting down the Soviets. They weren't just playing great defense. They were still playing offense. They were outplaying them at every level because the Soviets only had five more shots on goal the rest of the game. Am I hearing that correctly? >> Yeah. Yeah. We They started doing things they normally don't do, you know, and we just continued to play the way we were playing. >> Continue to do the things that made us successful throughout the tournament. >> Mike, what was it like standing that podium and bring the team up when that was all complete? >> Oh, that was that was pretty special. But, you know, to stand and to hear the whole building, the whole building singing the Star Spangle Banner and see our flag being risen just a little higher than everybody else's uh was pretty special. And uh you know, I was standing there and I ended up obviously calling all my teammates up onto the podium because one person shouldn't be there. Should be everybody. And the next Olympic Games and since then it's a long platform where all the players stand and that's the way it should be. >> He changed that. >> Yes. [Applause] We you can see we we we all fit. I don't know if we'll all fit now, but we all although there's only unfortunately three of my teammates have passed uh since 1980, but uh we we'll actually we'll all be together next week in Minnesota uh doing a one of those memorabilia signing things. We sign this company hires our team for I think every three years we do we sign like five or six hundred prints >> and then they use them for charities or whatever. So we'll get we'll get together and uh we'll have some fun. >> And they have a Netflix >> Netflix special should be coming out in January, February. Uh they finished they finished that. They interviewed all of us all of us went back to Lake Placid which was kind of fun and it's it's it's kind of you typical Hollywood or whatever. So Netflix comes to my hometown and they kind of walked around with me and talk to talk to people and I don't know what's going to end up on the editing floor and not the editing floor but they interviewed my wife and my wife doesn't say anything. She's very quiet and very shy. So they said, "Can we talk to her?" I said, "Yeah, you can talk to her. You're not going to get much out of her." Um, so she was sitting there and the guy looked at my wife and he said, "Uh, when Mike was elected captain of the team and he called you and told you what what did you think? What did he say?" And she looks and goes, "Call me? You think he called me?" He didn't call me. He called his friends and his father. I'm the last person he called. And I said, "God, I hope that makes it onto the show because that's pretty funny." So, I'm curious what Netflix is going to do. But it they usually do some good stuff. So, I think that'll be fun. I think uh you know, after the Netflix and then the commemorative that's got to be it. What else can they give us? It's over, >> you know. >> It's never over. >> But, uh, well, yeah, right. >> No, I I I get that, but still it's just like, you know, okay, >> what else can we have? >> So, um, legacy. Do you think about those things? Do you think about, you know, I know simple person, do you think about what you'd want people 100 years ago when you leave this world, 100 years from now when you leave this world, what you want to be remembered for? Has that ever come across your mind, your heart? >> Um, no. I I guess I think it's what I talked about earlier, you know, like like my teammates and I to be remembered as a good group of guys who worked hard to accomplish their their dream and um and that we were good people. We we and like I said, if you if you spent time with my teammates, you'd get a total understanding of how we were successful. You know, not only were we good, we we were the type we you know, we were the guys that wanted you wanted as a neighbor, as a friend. And I think I' I'd like our team to be remembered as just a bunch of good guys who who worked hard and had had incredible values, who who loved our country. Um, we took great pride in putting a USA jersey on. Um and and I think we, you know, represented our country the way that I think people in this country were proud of and wanted to be our team wanted to be remembered for that being, you know, a good group of guys that you would want to hang with and sit with and talk with and and you could trust and and who you respected and I guess things that you know that that my dad always told me about. It's easy to be a good person and I think our team was that. >> Amen. So K we're getting down to it. Final couple minutes. Okay. If we ask two or three quick questions. >> Sure. >> Okay. Um, let's go. Sir partner questions. Any sir partners have a question for Mr. Michael or just raise your hand real quick and let's get them the microphone. >> And actually did Lance did I also would if Lance and then if Nathan had his hand up great if not fine but after what Nathan did today that would be earning a question and let's try to get one of the women of SER as well. Um, but Lance you had your hand up. Mike, I just wanted to say uh I've never >> Well, by the way, Nathan is a retired lieutenant colonel, United States Air Force, >> um commercial airline pilot now and doing many other incredible things. >> My my my nephew, a separate subject, just retired as a full bird colonel in the Marine Corps. >> He went to the naval academy and then he took the Marine end of it and uh works for the government now and he can't tell me what he does. Outstanding. I won't hold the Naval Academy part against any um I just I never really knew your full story or you know this man here is responsible for my full knowledge of this and and how special is to everyone in this audience. um first time I've ever met you or heard her speak and I just want to say that you were a national treasure and not just because of the way you told the story but for being a lunch pay kind of guy and the values that you espouse and talk about it just oozes out of you. So, this isn't a question. I just wanted to acknowledge you for that. And also, how you tell her Brooks's story and uh I think the the witness that you provide for what he did, who he was is the greatest gift that I believe you can give another human being, being a witness for somebody's life. >> You are for him. >> And yeah, we all believe in miracles in this room. And as you said, you know, maybe we need another 1980 uh in this day and age and because of this man and the witness that he is for your team in your life uh I think one of us you know as retired you know fire pilot myself I've said this before but I believe that the mission that we're on now is more crucial to our nation to the furthering of that dream what you fought for what you represent than the mission I served when I was actually flying in the skies and defending the country So I I do believe in miracles and I think that the next miracle that happens will be created in history. So thank you for being here tonight to tell us thank you for >> Thank thank you for having me. Thank you. Amen. >> I I I wrote a book a few years ago. Uh it's called The Making of a Miracle and it's kind of my my life story. And I don't tell you to buy the book, but you can if you want to. But I I I I wrote I remember when they contacted me. They wanted to write a book about our team. >> This is simple, Michael. I'm buying a book for everybody in the room. Done. I'm seriously order the book. >> I don't know. Amazon, whatever. >> Yeah. >> But I remember they wanted to write a book about our team. And I called my teammates up and they said, "No, >> no, not interested." And if you, like I said, if you knew my teammates, they don't like any attention at all whatsoever. They said, "No, we're not interested in a book." I said, "Okay." So I called the guy back and he goes, "Why don't you write one?" I don't want to write a book. Then I got to talk about myself. Then I got to go to book signings and you got to see people. And then I thought about it and I talked to my wife. I said, "You know what? I'm I'm going to do it." I wrote I wrote the book. And I wrote the book for one reason. I want my grandkids to know that Papa's life wasn't one game or one goal or one moment. And want my grandkids to know about their grandfather, their great-grandfather, and their family because family is very important to me. So I did write the book and it actually became a became a bestseller. And uh thank God CO hit because I didn't have to go around do book signings and I did like two signings and that was enough for me. >> Thank God for CO. >> Thank God for CO. This is amazing. Who's got the next question? Team >> can't ask me any later. >> Here's a question for you. >> This is Mama Soul Wisdom. She had her face on a Times Square billboard 40 feet for like a month rotating. Incredible human being. Please >> for you. >> Thank you, Mr. Young. What do you hope the miracle on ice teaches future generations about what's possible for the human spirit when vision outs fear? >> I I think that the message is what I talked about. If you believe in something and you're willing to work hard, you can accomplish it. So, I think the value of work, I think hopefully our team will instill that in people. Um, you know, miracle is a catchy phrase. Sounds great, but it wasn't a miracle. It was accomplishment by a group of people who believed. Uh, we believed, and I said this earlier, and ourselves, and we believed in each other. And I think that's an important value to have about belief, faith, and hope. And don't ever quit. uh despite despite the the obstacles and the challenges. Um and I guess that would probably be our message because nobody thought we could win. We believed it. We had a hope and a dream, but let's go play and find out. So I think that would be would be a great legacy and message. I remember when we were named sportsman of the year, >> um Sports Illustrated EM Swift wrote an article about our team and it was entitled a lesson and message of what we can be. And the article didn't talk about goals that were scored or saves that were made. It talked about our values. It talked about our work ethic. And I think that's that's the the key to our success. And I think that, you know, then it was named the greatest sports moment of the 20th century. And a lot of it was because of those values. And that that's what I hope people take away from the movie or take away from our team is what we the hope and belief that we had. >> Let's hear for that. And and I and a final question. I was 10 years old as I I told you and maybe I was too naive or maybe I just hadn't been brainwashed about why you can't do things. But when I went home that day to watch that game, I believe with every cell in my body that we that's what you guys did. we you made it a we for everybody in America who actually could still not be conditioned to a negative headsp space that we were going to win and I thank you for that and because of that incredibly impossible dynamic of me being 10 years old it's the right age the right time that imprinted on me just in all these circumstances and dynamics in my life and lives of others um yeah that it's truly possible and I I mean it with every part of me. Thank you. And I I feel so blessed to have the miraculous timing of being 10 years old and that night happening. So, thank you. >> Thank you. And it's funny, my my grandkids want to watch the movie sometimes and we've never I've never sat with them and watched it. At some point I'm going to but a month ago my grandson wanted to watch the movie and I took the tape out and he looks at me goes, "What's that?" I says, "That's the movie. What movie?" That's the movie Miracle. What's that? That's a tape. That's the tape of the movie. You know, we spoil little brat. That's It's not a CD. It's not a disc. It's a freaking VHS tape. Here, >> watch it. >> Well, and Mr. Bring and I have to say when I share this, far be it for me to ever ever even give you any advice, but would it be okay if I offered a thought really quickly? >> Yeah. >> Please watch it with them. because it would be it will be I am absolutely certain a remarkable experience for you and them forever and you have so earned what that will imprint on them forever. >> No, I I I'll watch it and I think someday I'll watch the Soviet game with them as well. Um the problem with the Soviet I don't want to be watching the Soviet game which is on VHS. I don't want to watching the game and all of a sudden one of my buddies shows up, you know. Let let it go, Mike. It's over, you know. But I but I do have a VH tape of every game that we played and maybe that will be something when maybe when the 18-month-old is a little older, we can all watch it together. But let's hear for that. >> Final final question. Final question. >> Tony Mariel. Listen, we talk about like you think you're not smart. I don't think I'm that smart. This dude's a brain surgeon. Literally an actual brain surgeon. So, yes. >> Well, I'm glad he's not a dermatologist. >> We'll get to that in a second. >> So, just watching the clips and hearing the story if there's a lot of similarities to medicine and the way you were trained. And would you say that Herk Brooks was the toughest coach that you played for? >> No, my high school football coach and my college hockey coach were pretty intense. >> But then again, you know, we were talking about ear that's how coaches coached in the 70s. >> You deal with it, you know? I mean, live in the house with my father for for, you know, 40 years and see how how tough it was. You know, I I I tell people herb was like your dad. You know, you love your dad, but sometimes you hate your dad because he makes you do things you don't want to do. That was her, so that's the way it's going to be. Okay, I can deal with it. You're only going to yell at me for two hours. Practice is over and I'm I'm out of here. But he was demanding and he was challenging, but that's that's the way it was going to be. So, if that's the way it's going to be, that's the way it's going to be. I'm not quitting. I want to be on this team. >> Yeah. Some of the physicians here with me, we all trained in an era where our attendees treated us like that. And again and again and again, >> right? >> And um you know, we just have uh our results were better because of that. We keep the keep them in a special place in our heart because they made us who we are. >> Makes you stronger. >> Yeah. And I wonder if some of that's missing today. You know, you're still here with the university. >> It's a lot. It's a lot different. Uh coaching kids today, you don't coach them the way you used to coach. Don't yell at Johnny because you, you know, you'll get in trouble. Um, but you know, I I I think the era that we grew up in was that kind of an era. Now they grew up in a different era. You got to learn how to coach today differently than you could coach 20 years ago, 30 years ago. And the great coaches adjust that way. The great coaches understand, you know, things they can still be firm and disciplined and things like that, but you got to find a way a different way of doing it than I think the old the old coaches did. >> Thank you. >> Thank you, Tony. So, um, Mike's got a great new doctor. Can you just share that real quick? >> My wife's a fanatic about going to the doctors. Got to go to the doctors. My dermatologist retired. So, she gets me this new dermatologist. This was about, I'm going to say six, eight months ago. So, I go into the guy's office. They sit me go to the room four. So, I go to room four. I sit down. I'm waiting for the doctor. Doctor comes in. Take your shirt off. So, I take my shirt off and he's got the thing and he's looking. He's That's good. That spot's good. That's good. And I have after the Olympics, my girlfriend, who's my wife, I had this replica gold medal made for me. She worked in the jewelry business. And he looks at it and he sees Lake Placid. He goes, "Lake Placid? I went there last year. You know, that's where the US hockey team won the gold medal. Swear to God." And I think he's messing with me, right? And they have the oval where Eric Hayen won five gold medals right next to this arena. And they have a museum and they can watch ski jumpers and there's a bobsled and a luge. Have you ever been there? And I still think he's messing with me, right? I looked at him and I went, "Uh, I I was on that team." He goes, "No, no, you weren't." I I I said, "No, I I was I was on that team." He goes, "Oh my god." So, I leave and I go home and I tell my wife the story. She goes, "What do you think?" I said, "I think I need a new doctor. This guy had no idea who I was. He never looked at my chart. He never It's not like my name is Smith, right? My name is in, if you go to Lake Class in the arena, there's a big billboard with all our names all around the rink. It says, you know, Mike Rouion on the in the rink and he was there and he never looked at my chart. So, I'm getting a new doctor. That that that that's a true story that actually happened. >> No idea. >> Anything anything left that you want to accomplish that is unaccomplished yet? I hear family, the congressional gold medal. You obviously have an incredibly successful speaker. Well, like I I like I said to you, I take each day as it comes. Um I look forward to going home tomorrow. My grandson's got a football game, I think, tomorrow night and go watch him play and uh live every day and enjoy every day and watch my kids, my grandkids grow. And uh hopefully live a little longer to see them have kids someday. Uh, I I told my wife, and this is funny, D, I know you're not going to agree with me, but my when I first became a grandfather, I said to my wife, "The worst thing about being a grandfather is I'm sleeping with a grandmother." [Applause] >> And she didn't think that was funny. I thought I I thought it was hilarious. >> You slept on the couch. >> Yeah. Slept on the couch for the next month. But no, I like I said, I just, you know, I I cherish the things that I'm doing, continue to do, opportunities that I still have. Uh, working at Boston University is awesome. We're going to have another good hockey team this year. Uh, three years in a row we went to the Frozen Four, Final Four, and maybe this year we can win it, which would be great for the for the kids themselves. But, uh, no, I I just, uh, hope the hope the plane lands on time tomorrow and, uh, I'll make, uh, I'll make, uh, maybe nine holes in the afternoon with the boys. >> That's a beautiful thing. um can't thank you enough for everything you've done here. >> Thanks for having me. >> The appreciation knows no bounds and what I think would be a wonderful way to have Mike uh call this an evening would be to give him a little USA on our feet. What do you guys think? >> So, let's rise to our feet as Mr. Mike Riion heads off the stage. Let's first of all give him a hand. Thank you. Thank you sir. USA [Applause] and USA USA USA Mr. Lad. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much.