The audition for The Karate Kid came up and I heard the title, The Karate Kid, and I said, this is going to be the worst title of anything I've ever heard in my life. When someone pitched that Rocky Balboa and Daniel Russo would have two kids that would meet and both be in trouble and they would they would fight crime between Newark and Philadelphia. Cash Kitcher asked you if you bullied me in all these ways. That movie has become a piece of everybody's childhood or life or inspiration. In a way, I just watched the end of that and I'm saying, where are these movies now? I was saying this back in the green room that I couldn't be more honored to have every speaker here. And we explain the unique significance of Cassie from earlier today. And we had a conversation about, you know, Hollywood celebrities and sports figures and so many of these people that are going to be here have such an impact on everyone. And certainly on me as well. But there is no one coming here that Mr. Ralph Macchio, that has a bigger impact. You know, when The Karate Kid came out and and we are clear that your career is certainly more than simply The Karate Kid. And there's a litany of films, not the least of which My Cousin Vinny and all these beautiful, wonderful things of impact. Let's hear it again for that. Yeah. OK. That your your your work transcends. So so we are very clear that it's not like, OK, like The Karate Kid is here, like Ralph Macchio is here. And we're clear. And what we want to do today is to make sure that we acknowledge and honor just the incredible impact you've had on the people in the room. I've explained to our partners and elite long time on Blinded People Mastery, the place The Karate Kid holds in our legend, our training, the video clips that we watch and endure. And by the way, for all of my lawyer friends out there, there is fair use, fair comment of what you're allowed to use clips for. So I'm very clear what we can and cannot use. All good. And what I am like incredibly present to is the impact you had on my life, their lives. And I feel like a little kid with such a massive space of identity impact sitting with you. And it really is truly a dream come true. An honor for me. And I thank you for being here. Thank you, Sean. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. So from that place, would you mind just sharing a little bit about growing up? I know you're a Northeast guy. What was life like? And, you know, prior to the acting world, please. Well, I grew up on Long Island, which is on the other side of the two rivers. Many people say you grew up in New Jersey, didn't you? And they don't they, you know, because it kind of morphs art and life. But Rosita, I mom, dad, my dad's a self-made man. Still both my parents still with us. Eighty eight now. Wow. Slowing down a bit. Thank you. That's, you know, tough at this chapter of life because it's, you know, it's changed. But but but I have both of them and my brother, my younger brother, about two and a half years. And it was just the four of us in kind of, you know, middle of Long Island, Dix Hills, Huntington area. My dad owned a bunch of like one or two laundromats. That was sort of his he that was the onset of his business. And then what came from there is the cesspools would overflow from the soapy water. So he had to buy a pump truck. And then from that pump truck came the largest Long Island liquid waste removal. So he did it all. I mean, we never went to college right out of high school. Grew up in Brooklyn. That's sort of the quick Cliff Notes version of my my dad. So I was brought up in a working class environment. My mom worked at the at the office. I would have to do my time at the laundromat on Saturdays, you know, giving change to the customers, dreaming about maybe being on Broadway or movies or because I grew up watching what was the 430 movie or the Channel 11 movie, the million dollar movie in New York and maybe some of the Jersey. WPIX. Yeah, WPIX. You got it. And so I come home from school. I know I'm jumping around, but I'm trying to give you like just little pieces of what life was like for me. And and my mom would have all the old musicals on. My dad would be working out during the day. Mom would have the MGM musicals, and I watched those. And that's what I was first bitten by the bug of of that, you know, that that that storytelling and that Gene Kelly was. I wanted to be Gene Kelly from the from day one. I just loved Gene Kelly, his masculinity, his smoothness, his, you know, those were bigger than life movie stars. So I started tap dancing lessons at age three because my my dad thought it would be good for me. It wasn't in his playbook initially. He wanted, but he didn't want me to be bashful. And so like he was or he explained that he was as a as a as a kid. And my mom wanted to be Betty Grable. If you know who Betty Grable is, I'm dating myself. But these are great movies, movie stars of that that era. So that's kind of how I was bitten by the entertainment bug. And I would, you know, I always look younger for my age than I am. I'm still trying. I'm still trying. If you think this man looks amazing, say yes. Now, I am blind, but I'll go with what they say. So anyway, so to to bring this this portion in for a landing, that's what that's, you know, what got what lit my fire. I enjoyed being on stage. I enjoyed telling stories, whether it was dance. And I wasn't even that great, but I knew where to land and I knew how to smile. And I, I, I got by on that for for a bit. And and in between, I was dreaming I could also be Tom Seaver and and and, you know, be a 20 game winner in Major League Baseball. But that was not going to happen. So I had all those kind of aspirations. But it came from a very functional, loving family. Both my parents were very supportive of anything through my my schooling, although they didn't always agree on things. I was given the the the opportunity to to explore. I understood the value of a of a dollar. My dad would still be like, you know, you see those two aluminum cans over there, put those, you bring them, you get 10 cents, you put that in the bank, you know, it's like little, little, little. He's done that with my my kids. So so that's that's the long rambling story of what got me bit from the entertainment bug. And then I got as it happens too often, I got lucky. I was in the right place at the right time. And what was that? That was a movie called Up the Academy. It's not at the top of the resume. But but and a bubble yum commercial that's probably more famous. I did a bubble yum commercial that you could watch on YouTube and at my expense, just rip me to shreds. But it was it played Saturday mornings. And that was sort of I went in and I got the part. And then I went in for the movie Up the Academy. I got the part. And then at that point, I was I was I hadn't paid my dues, but stuff was coming to me. I wound up paying my dues a little bit later after all that the big success. And then it was about how to how to sustain and not be at the top of the wave. You know, and that's that's really a lot of the lessons that I've learned over the years are from. And and so so that's kind of how I got into it. The Outsiders was a big I love that movie. I've seen the Outsiders. Yes. We're going to do it for Johnny all night long. So The Outsiders was a book I read when I was 12 years old, which was, you know, somewhere between falling in love with Gene Kelly and tap dance shows and wanting to be, you know, Robert De Niro or Dustin Hoffman, who are kind of my Pacino, all those guys growing up. So so I read that book was written by a 16 year old girl, S.E. Hinton, who is still with us. And I just I wanted to be in that movie. It was the first book I read without my parents saying, you have to keep reading. And so when they auditioned for that, I just I had to have that part. I just had to. And I said it to Francis Ford Coppola. I said, I have to have this party. So I want you to read for this part. I said, no, I want this part. And somehow through it all, that was the first super dream come true for me, where I set out and got exactly exactly what I wanted. And it wasn't. And I learned later that there were other actors that might have done workshops beforehand, but somehow it landed in my lap and I hope it holds a special place. And what what was it about that part in The Outsiders? I just connected at 12 years old. I connected to that kid, even though I didn't have that broken family life. He had an insecurity about.


him. He was smaller. He was kind of the runt of the litter. He was of the boys, of the guys, of the gang and the group. He was the one they protected. He felt a little bit inferior. And I had some of those things from the aspect of looking young for my age, not being, you know, probably going into puberty last. I'm still waiting on that. So it was a big joke. I had a swing. It's like a beach ball over the middle of the plate. But so, you know, so I connected to some of those adolescent insecurities that he was dealing with. And I had, and he was a sympathetic character. And I felt an affinity for him. And I, and he was also described physically. I liked how I was dark hair, big dark eyes, kind of puppy dog elements to him. And so it just, I just felt like I could be this guy. And I could, and then it was Francis Ford Coppola. I've seen The Godfather like 40 times. I was like, I have to make this happen. Wow. And by the way, I remember Charlie Sheen, Francis Ford Coppola, his dad in Apocalypse Now. So we have a lot of Coppola. Can I, these last two days. Yeah. A lot of that. And Emilio Estevez, his brother. Amen. Yes. So, so from there, The Outsiders and what happens for you from The Outsiders? Well, it was, you know, that movie did well, but it did not do at its onset. And it's like any art form. It's defined over time. You know, you don't remember what won the Oscar last year, but you remember where you were when you saw, you know, E.T. or The Godfather or, you know. So, so art is defined over time. But that film, it, it came out and I, and I was, I was super proud of it and super, you know, it was beyond for me because it was, I was in that dream come true section of, of, of the onset of my, my career. And the karate, the audition for The Karate Kid came up. And I heard the title, The Karate Kid, and I said, this has got to be the worst title of anything I've ever heard in my life. And maybe, maybe inside my head, I wrote this in a book that I wrote, a memoir called Waxing On, because you have to call it Waxing On, where I said to myself, subconsciously, maybe I hate this title so much, because if I ever get the part, I'd have to carry it for the rest of my life. And how old were you? I was, I was 19 when I auditioned. So I call it the macho curve. I played 16 for 47 years. It's my own little, my own little thing. But so I was 19, I auditioned. And I read the script, and I found it inspiring, though corny, was my initial reaction. Some of the high school stuff I found corny, but the Miyagi character was written, and this is, I think this is, these are great points to make in this, in this setting. The Miyagi character was written, there was some humor peppered throughout, but he was, you know, this wise master, and I kind of, that's the kind of what, you know, what he is, but it was probably a little less of what Pat Morita brought to it in his brilliant, brilliant performance as Mr. Miyagi. But that, that, that mentor-student, father-son relationship was, was just beautiful on the page. I went and I read for John Avilson, who had directed Rocky, who I spent my childhood running up and down the library steps, pretending to be Stallone at the time. And so I was, I was, you know, this was another, how is this happening to me experience, and it was my first reading with him, where you could watch on YouTube, you honestly go to YouTube and watch Ralph Macchio and Pat Morita's first reading, and you can see my audition. And it's interesting, I didn't recall it at the time, because when you're in it, you don't know it, but I look back years later, and even today, if I watch that audition right now, that's the kid, that's Daniel LaRusso. Like, it wasn't, it was, it didn't take, you know, months and months of work to find it. It was, it seemed like, you know, I was just meant to, I had the kind of East Coast bravado that he had, but yet, he was kind of a, you know, he thought he was a tough guy, but he wasn't, which is part of what makes him interesting. And then, and then that project, you know, just happened for me. They flew me out to California on an option deal, which is, you know, and, but it was, it wasn't until we found Mr. Miyagi that they were going to sign off. And, and Pat Morita, this is my favorite story, and it feels so right for this, this setting. Nobody wanted Arnold from Happy Days as Mr. Miyagi. Myself included on the onset, because I grew up Tuesday nights on ABC, if you remember, Laverne and Shirley, Happy Days, Mork and Mindy. I mean, this was our, you know, and I just remember Arnold is like, bah, Fonzie, we go, you know, and he's, and then I'm reading this, that's why I alluded to Miyagi being this, you know, this grounded, wise master of martial arts and philosophy. And I was just like, how is that guy going to do this? And it's interesting when I look forward, I went through my share of pigeonholing for a while of, you know, you kind of get boxed in. And I was at that time boxing in who Pat Morita was as an actor, because I only knew what I had seen. And when I walked in to John Avilson, the director, his office, I was in LA, they had me out there. And Pat Morita was over there. And we had our, our scenes. And we, we had one scene, and we just started reading it. And John was just videotaping this. As soon as he started speaking, like all of Arnold from Happy Days, like, I didn't even know that was the same actor. And he had these beats and these comedic, comedic rhythms, but yet this earnest kind of what you want when someone is teaching you to connect. He had such a connection. And I just listened and reacted. And it was a tango to the perfect, to the perfect music. And from, from Jump Street, like, there was no finding it, it was just there. And I still think if you put you play a scene from that movie, it's still there. And it's doesn't happen very often. But that kind of marriage and connection of those two characters, as you alluded to before, is quite inspiring. And just a privilege to be a piece of that puzzle. Amazing. Let's hear it for Ralph Macchio. And yes. So what I'd love to do for a moment is just play a quick clip and see your reaction to it. Is that cool? Yeah. Ting, ready? Yeah. So we're gonna look right back here. So it's gonna be, this is gonna, yeah, you'll see. I think, I think you're familiar. Depend? On what? Reason. How's revenge? Karate for defense only. That's not what these guys are taught. Can see. No such thing. Bad student. Only bad teacher. Teacher say, student do. Would you go with me? No, I can't. Why? You said it was a good idea, right? For you, good idea. For me, good idea. No, get involved. Oh, but you already are involved. I mean, What? I gotta carry you away too. Thanks. Don't do me any more favors. Okay, pal? Daniel-san? What? What? Okay. There you go. Oh, excellent. Excellent. Mr. Miyagi. This is great. Miyagi. Miyagi. So like many of you, please help. Yes, I will. And let's see how it goes from there, coming back. So what does that bring forward for you? If anything? Well, instinctively, I have two things to, well, two things to start to share about that scene. One, what does he say? No, get involved. And everyone laughed. That on the page is not necessarily funny. But with the textures that Pat Morita had in that character, in the through line, the connective tissue he had, that humor raised the bar. And obviously, JCPenney 398, what kind of belt do you have? But also, that scene was, there was a few things in that movie. And it's not done as much anymore, because we just can


just thrown into the TikTok generation where everything's cuts, cuts, cuts, cuts, cuts. But that entire scene from the moment LaRusso wakes up and realizes he helped him out and saved him from the skeletons all the way up to JCPenney398 is one shot, one continuous. And we spent a while on it. It was just – and that was one of the scenes – it might have been the scene, the first scene I read with him when I auditioned, when I was saying that, when we read together. But that's the setup to the perfect payoff, you know, the doing the chores and them being Karate Skills, the student, the aggressive student wanting the answers before asking the questions, you know. Yes. So perhaps – Have all these Daniel-sons in the audience. Yes, yes. If you are a Daniel-son, say yes. Yes! Now, Tink, let's – Or say yes, Sensei. Yes. Yes, Sensei. Yes. And you are now Sensei. We'll get that in a moment and beyond. But this may be more about them even than it is about you or all of us coming up in the next – we got it, Tink? Here we go. For four days, I've been busting my ass. I've been learning a goddamn thing. Ah, you learned plenty. I learned plenty. I learned how to sand your decks, maybe. I washed your car, paint your house, paint your fence. I learned to do the laundry. I learned how to do the laundry. I learned how to do the laundry. I learned how to do the laundry. I learned how to do the laundry. I learned how to do the laundry. I learned plenty. I learned plenty. I learned plenty. I learned plenty. Right. And not everything is the same. Oh, bullshit. I'm going home, man. Daniel-san. Daniel-san. What? Come here. Now, show me wax on, wax off. Wax on, wax off. Wax on, wax off. Wax on, hat. Wax off, hat. Concentrate. Look my eye. Black hand. Thumb inside. Wax on, hat. Wax off, hat. Show me penta fence. Up, down. Up. Down. Up. Down. Other side. Wax. Wax. Wax. Wax. Show me sandal floor. Wax. Wax. Wax. Wax. Yosh. Wash. Show me my gut. And if you wax on, wax off the next two days, you can do that. Yes. So if I could ask, what, how do you feel about watching the clips? Like being present to it. Is it like, yeah, been there, done that nine million times. Is it, yeah, I'll say something about it for the audience. Does it still resonate for you? Like what's present for you when you see those moments? When I watch that, I remember, I mean, obviously there's a, there's such a warmth of nostalgia certainly. And I remember the day, like I remember, you know, I see the green paint that they put on my face. I remember, I remember putting the, you know, John saying, I want him to look like he's been painting all day. And we were, you know, so I go into things that you're not thinking about besides just, you know, the emotional part of the scene. I start thinking, you know, is that bittersweet because Pat is no longer here. John Avels is no longer here. So a lot of the creators that made this magic are no longer with us. So there's a, there's a nostalgia embrace for me, but there's also, I remember how often we rehearsed that scene. Every scene we shot up until that point, that was probably about two thirds of the way through the filming of the movie. And anytime we were sitting around, John Avels would say, well, work on the scene, the payoff. We need the payoff scene. You need the payoff scene. You know, that's got, it can't be fast enough. It can't be quick enough. It can't be sharp enough. And as witness to even the first time I saw this movie, that was the first, that was when the world was like, we are so into this story because we, we've been taken on this ride and everyone was feeling that sense of accomplishment through the kids, through LaRusso's recognition. The messages, Robert Mark Kamen, I need to mention his name. He wrote this screenplay and he's still with us. And he will, if he was here right now, he'd say, how come you haven't mentioned my name a few more times? We have that sort of give and take between the two of us. And you know, a lot of credit, you know, it's, it's in the writing, it's in the execution. Certainly in the casting and the visuals and all that. But the foundation, and if you're, you know, you tell me of how much you use these pieces, one of these days you should, you know, connect with him as well because he would, you know, that's where that, it came from. And for him, it came from a personal experience. He was picked on as a kid and he had a master Okinawan, his own Miyagi. And that's where that story came from. So when I see, when I watch that scene and I see that father-son, that mentor-student, that, that yin and yang, give and take, where both grow. And that's the beauty of that film is Miyagi gains as much in his life as Daniel does from each other. So it's a two-way street of inspiration. It's really quite beautiful. Amen. Let's hear for that. So, so maybe let's jump forward a bit and we'll come back to something maybe towards the end of our time together. But so this happens. When did you realize the, the impact or how transformational was the Karate Kid for your life and when did you become present to, if that transformation occurred, to it and what it was going to mean forever? Yeah, that's, I mean, that happened in phases. I mean, as early as the exit of the first sneak preview of that movie, which is the first time I had seen it, that's, the introduction in Waxing On Book is all about my experience seeing that movie is the first time not having seen anything and seeing it with an audience of about, you know, about six, 700 people in New York City. And I, I walked in that theater, you know, kind of the average kid that maybe two or three people say, Hey, I think I saw you in The Outsider. It's really cool. And I came out of that movie like I won the Super Bowl with Stanley Cup and, and, and the World Series, you know, I, you know, I had to be ushered to the car and everyone on the street was doing the crane pose and, and the producer, Jerry Weintraub, he turned to me, he goes, uh, listen, we're going to be making a couple of these. That night he said it. And I, I, I couldn't, I couldn't process any of that. I just think, I just knew I was in something special. People were, you know, jumping, hugging, high-fiving. You don't see that too often anymore in a movie theater. First of all, you don't see anyone in a movie theater because everyone's on their phone. But so it was, so that was the onset. And then it snowballed from there, but it wasn't. I'm sorry. Go to the next question. If you saw the Karate Kid and all of a sudden wanted to take up karate and be the Karate Kid, say yes. Yes. Thank you. I know. Or open a bonsai kiosk at a mall. I always say, why didn't I come up with the bonsai tree kiosk? It's amazing. It's amazing. And, but then it became pop culture. That's what started to happen, you know. And obviously it was sequels. So there was, part two was in 86 and part three, which is, you know, not my favorite of all the Karate Kids, though people, it gave Cobra Kai such seeds to grow more fruit. It's amazing. Even the shortcomings in the Karate Kid trajectory bear fruit in the end. It's really quite unique and amazing. But I think what started happening and interestingly, I think a lot of the writers that grew up on that movie that would write sitcoms and movies would reference the movie. This is years later. So maybe 10 years after, it started to be popping up on every, you know, talk show, sitcoms, late night. Then there was the Comic-Con started getting really popular. People would be dressing up in the shower costume or the skeletons and it started to become a theory where Johnny Lawrence might have been the good guy and LaRusso is the bully, which is how sort of an onslaught of Cobra Kai. How does that land for you at all? With me? Yes. WTF, man. No way. I'm messing with Miyagi-Do. Initially that's how I was and I took it because I – that character has become such a part of me and not only from a part of me but a part of how people view me. They feel like this was a kid they grew up with. Daniel LaRusso had no business winning anything and that's the beauty of that character because he's a piece of all of us. It wasn't like he was a ninja on page two. He had to discover and learn and be the novice and be given these gifts of knowledge and legacy and pay that forward. This is not – I mean we don't know each other.


they're obviously very well at all, but that's what these folks are doing here. These are lawyers, accountants, financial service providers, doctors, holistic healthcare providers, real estate professionals. These are people who are training, and we talk about the deep practice. We use the framework of the Karate Kid all the time in terms of deep practice, the rise of their influence, what they do with it, how they emotionally get themselves to use it. We have deep practice every morning, 8 a.m., that people in these programs come into to increase their influence and their integrity, how they cause yes, and again, it's this journey of the Karate Kid is what these folks are literally experiencing, and if you feel that way about what you're doing here, say yes. Yes. Yes, so please. It's amazing, amazing. It's, I mean, that's kind of the evolution of what it was like for me, and certainly the whole Johnny's the Real Karate Kid videos that came out about that, the How I Met Your Mother, the Barney Stinson say, and we actually did an episode of How I Met Your Mother, William Zabka, who is awesome as Johnny Lawrence, both in the movie and co-work. I gotta shout out to him, but we, it became like this groundswell of a discussion, and then I looked at that instead of saying, well, wait, they're not seeing it the right way. To me, it was like, this is 20 years later, and these people are still arguing about the theories of this movie. That's probably, that means we have a real footprint in society and the world in a good way, so it became, you know, it had a, Cobra Kai was just another angle into that universe, and in the end, if you've watched that entire series, it kind of lands like a really good Karate Kid movie. It's just the, you know, everyone got to wear a different jacket here or there, you know? If you've seen the Cobra Kai, say yes. Yeah, it's like incredible, right, like incredible. Imagine, imagine your work just walking into like any random room in the world, and like half the people plus have seen the things that you do. Like how many people in here have never seen Ralph Macchio ever on screen? If you have not ever seen him in anything ever before seeing him today, never ever, raise your hand. One, two, two. How crazy is that? It's crazy. 99.5 plus percent of people have seen your work. Like how does that feel? That's insane. You've done that, it's like I'm in an exercise right now. It's really, it's overwhelming, it's hard to, it's hard to, you know, to put into words what that is. The good news is most thankfully are, you know, smile about it, it's like, you know, they could be the other side. Like I've, you know, there are people that we've all seen a thousand times in which we hadn't. I'm glad I've sustained some form of likeability and inspiration throughout, so it's a privilege. I mean, I, you know, I don't take, I don't make light of what I've brought to all this, but I, at times I feel like I stepped in something and it just bloomed like roses. I'm just trying to stick the landing and pay that legacy forward to the next generation. That's how I look at it. It's so good. Thank you. Thank you. And so you mentioned a few minutes ago that, you know, there was the, there was another side to like the rise, is it after the wave? And what did you mean by that, please? Well, that was, you know, there were, I call those the lean years as far as from an acting career and what looks like success on paper. However, my wife and I, who've been married 38 years, right there. Wow. Thank you. Had two children. My son is the youngest. He's gonna be 30 next week. It's insane to say this out loud. Let's hear that, by the way. But, so a lot of my focus at that point was on my family and being a young dad and, but there were challenges of, you know, the sort of their, when you look at, say you look at the timeline, it was a short amount of time. When you look at The Outsiders in 1983, I mean, there's other credits, but I'll name the ones that we know the most that were most successful. The Outsiders, through the Karate Kid and my cousin Vinny was about, you know, nine years time. And so by 92, my cousin Vinny was 92, 93, 94, then everything just started to get quiet as far as work for me as an actor for, in the mainstream. One, I looked, I was not maturing into the leading man roles as would be the, you know, the norm. Because I still looked, I still had a childlike energy, which I still try to have. Which is beautiful, infectious. Yes, and then you have it too, we both have it. Yes, well, thank you. I said, they said, have you met Sean? I said, my only concern, they said, would you want some coffee? I said, no, if I have coffee between Sean and I, the room's gonna explode. Well, thank you for that. In a good way, in a good way. I appreciate it, thank you, brother, thank you. So, so those, I would say, you know, from the mid-90s to the, you know, mid-2000s was, you know, smaller parts here and there. I started writing, I started directing some short films. I was trying to stay creative, but I might not have always been the most pleasant guy every day to be around because it was, you know, it was such, you know, a launch for me, you know, like I mentioned, from the bubble gum, bubble yum, to Outsiders, to Karate Kid, to Mike Guzzavini, it was like, yes, yes, yes, yes, and then all of a sudden, kind of the bottom dropped out of in the mainstream for me, and it was challenging. I had my wife, who's amazing, and my family upbringing, who I slowly introduced you to at the onset, as the kind of safety net and the foundation of who I was and am, and I think that's, and obviously my children, as a part of what, you know, kept me on my feet. I've always, I get asked, so many actors, so many famous kids of the 80s or whatever got, you know, went down a dark path, whether it was, you know, whether it was drugs or things like that, why didn't that happen to me? And some of that is my own sensibilities. A decent amount is my upbringing, and it was interesting, in California, I just wanted to be back in New York watching the Mets, because they were good at that time. Or the Islanders that were winning Stanley Cups at that time. So I went. You got four in a row. I got four in a row, that's it, those are my guys, they got a game tonight, they gotta get better, but one thing at a time. So I would always go back home, back to Long Island, in between projects. So I think that that was, I didn't, I always kept one foot in Hollywood and one foot out, and therein lies the balance for me, and how I think I skirted those difficult times or that rabbit hole of getting sucked into when things are negative or not easy and it's not working for you. So I'd like to believe it's all those components that led me to come out the other side. What happened in recent times with things happening, whether it's when I was on Dancing with the Stars and became really, a real groundswell of popularity during that or some other roles or projects I did, and then leading into Cobra Kai, that's, what happened with Cobra Kai, and even the Jackie Chan, the Karate Kid Legends movie, that's, how many examples of that are there where a 40-year property all of a sudden became relevant for 10-year-old kids who watched the show with their parents and their grandparents? And that's really unique, and that's, I don't know how that happened. So I gotta believe. But can I just offer you a slight challenge on one thing? You're so incredibly humble, and you're so, just such a kind human. If you feel that resonance, say yes. But dude, it's you. I mean, yes, it's the movie to carry all those things, but it's you, and people love you. If you just love Ralph Macchio, say yes. Dude, and she will kill me. She will kill me for saying this, right? I've been doing this for a really long time, and you just met Ty's mom. She never comes to anything. This is my first wife. She's in the building, because you're here. That's why she's here. So I gotta thank you for that, because I'm not bad at what I do, too, but thank you. That's the power you have. Like, it's so incredible, the influence that you have. And so, yeah, please, like, Cobra Kai, like, amazing, extraordinary, mind-blowing. And how did it happen? What is that about for you? Well, I mean, first of all, thank you. Sometimes it takes these kind of scenarios for me to even get clarity in that way, because when you're inside the bubble, you don't always see clearly, right? But Cobra Kai.


The three creators of that show came and they had heard, and it was truthful, that I had no real desire to go back to play Daniel LaRusso again, partially because I heard so many bad ideas over the years. Hey, you know what you should do? You know, especially in those lean years, I'd be getting, hey, buddy, I need, listen, you got to do this. You got a kid who's got a problem, and then you're going to give him Miyagi to the kid, and then you're going to, and everyone had their idea. The craziest idea was when someone pitched that Rocky Balboa and Daniel LaRusso would have two kids that would meet and both be in trouble, and they would fight crime between Newark and Philadelphia. And what's funny about that is those are the movies they're making now. So I always said no. I said no for 30 years, mainly one, you know, I didn't know where that magic was going to come again. I didn't have, Pat Morita was no longer here. I don't know how you enter that world and not have Miyagi. So I was not, I did not have the tools to figure that out. But so these three writers who had been known for Harold and Kumara and Hot Tub Time Machine, those are the ones that are going to bring my legacy back. And they're all from Jersey, they are. That's John Hurwitz, Hayden Slasberg, and Josh Heald, great guys. They created the Cobra Kai series. And they knew more about the Karate Kid films than I did. They cared so much and they convinced me it was not easy because they had Billy Zapka, he was in, the studio was in, and they were like, we got to get Ralph, and Billy's like, yeah, good luck with that. And then they had to sit and tell me they were going to make a show called Cobra Kai and I was going to be like a car salesman who was kind of an ass. So they had a big mountain to climb. And this is a great story because they, they, they had to go from hello to what? Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Yes. Exactly. So they, they pitched me the concept, which they did not have me at hello. But I, but there was something about timing. Here's the thing. And this might, you know, be an interesting point. I had just seen the movie Creed, the first movie Creed. Which was quite a good film. And if it did one thing, it did many things, but if it did one thing, it, it proved that you could enter a certain universe from another perspective and it seemed fresh and new. So here, how do you not make Rocky 7? You make Creed, which is about Apollo Creed's kid, and then you get into that Rocky Balboa world without making that same cookie cutter, you know, concept. And so I'd seen that and I, and I saw how that worked and they were pitching Cobra Kai, the Johnny Lawrence story. And had that was the entrance, the entry point in, so everything was from a different prism. What was it like to be the kid that was kicked into the face as opposed to the kid who delivered that kick? You know, and, and then we, it was really when they started talking about the kids, the next generation. If you remember the characters like Miguel and Robbie and Samantha, Johnny and Daniel's kids and how, and how they would play in the story that I started to see the landscape and see where this could go. I still had no idea. I knew I was, I was like, I was on the edge of the pool and I had no idea if it was 82 degrees and warm or ice cold, but I knew I had to take the swim at that point. I just, I felt that they cared so much about the characters. Now once I got into it, it took a little bit longer than the promise to get LaRusso back to where I think he would have landed, but that's what kept the show up in the air. You know, figuring out the way that every character had a little good, a little bad. Let's put it this way. Karate Kid's very black and white. You know, Miyagi, Daniel good, Kreese, Johnny Lawrence bad. Cobra Kai, there's a lot of gray areas with the characters, so that created more length of story and certainly for a series. And then, and then it just hit at the right time and every time it came out each season, there was another pandemic surge and everybody's home and it was the only thing to watch and it was amazing. It was amazing. Let's hear for that. But in that, right, so but in that doesn't, you know, Mr. Miyagi kind of cracks the door right for that in the Karate Kid when he says in that clip we watched, no bad student, only bad teacher. Exactly. Right. And then they end up as the true villains of the movie and what I thought was so, like, it was mind blowing how they brought like all the characters in from one, two and three in that. And, you know, yeah. Like, what would you say from your perspective, Ralph, is the is the legacy of Cobra Kai? I mean, only because then you now have the Karate Kid Legends and Jackie Chan. So so where does it all sit in your heart? How do you look back now at Cobra Kai and Legends and where does it all go from here? Well, I think that, you know, yeah, no such thing as bad student, only bad teacher. It's you know, and it's interesting because you think of Johnny Lawrence's character and Daniela Russo's character, these two, that's what they did a beautiful job with. They said if either one of them, if Johnny Lawrence had Miyagi and Daniela Russo had John Kreese, where would those paths go? I mean, they were two kids in need of mentorship and that we always stayed true to that in the storytelling. But the one thing I said to John, Josh and Hayden, the Cobra Kai creators on the day they pitched before I jumped in, is I said, I just need to have the thread of Miyagi throughout this series. I said, if that disappears, then I'm making a mistake because I don't want Daniela Russo's story, even when he falls, skins his knees, acts like a jerk, whatever, you know, we need to, you need conflict for story. I need those elements because that's where the magic happened, you know. Yeah, it's fun, get him a body bag, sweep the leg, all those funny things. But the heart and soul and the genuine human elements that work from that initial story was always important to me to thread throughout. And the same thing with Karate Kid Legends, which was very much a studio coming up with, hey, how could we get Jackie Chan and Ralph Macchio and do this again? And I just, it was the same note I had, as long as I can share a piece of that legacy in the story that what was the magic that started it all, then I could feel that I don't undercut the integrity of the character, the story or this universe. And it's always been super important to me. And I think it's proven itself, I mean, selfishly on one hand, but I think it's proven itself, it keeps the show and all these episodes, whether the motion pictures or the series grounded in a way. And so, going forward, it's, you know, I think there was, you know, I think it was time to land the Cobra Kai plane, definitely felt like it was time. I always joke, I said, it's amazing, I probably would have moved from the valley and taken up a different sport after six seasons, you know. And Ralph's sensibilities was like, I'm tired of getting my ass kicked, let me try softball. But it makes for better entertainment. I think that, I never say never, like say, are you going to do any more, are you going to continue? It's, there's, it needs a little, you know, I don't want to say there's Karate Kid fatigue because there's so many lessons you could still mine from that story and these characters. But I also don't want to overstay the welcome. It's about, like I say, paying the legacy forward. If there's a piece that is genuinely authentic, that you could make fresh, then I'm open, I'm open to it. But man, it's been one hell of a ride. And just to hear your story and what you're, and how you use these pieces in the work that you guys are all doing is, I mean, this is the gift that keeps on giving, just even sitting here. Thank you, Ralph. Thank you. You know, so, you know, we talk about heart and integrity and you just embody it. Just feeling and hearing how Ralph Macchio is speaking of Pat Morita, Mr. Miyagi, and just this abiding loyalty, decade after decade, tears are welling up for me because that's just who you are. And I think, you know, we talk about influence and how, what a heroic characteristic heart and integrity are, like you just embody it. And there's no manufacturing, you're just so authentically who you are. And I think that's at least a core part of why you're as beloved as you are. And if you guys, that resonates, I guess? Yeah. Thank you. And you love the Mets and you're loyal.


to the Mets. And Tink, if we could throw out the picture from my dad for a minute, I'd love to just show out that for a quick sec. My dad's 80th birthday just passed as a quick Met fan to Met fan footnote. And he's in the hospital. So we brought Dwight Good and Mookie Wilson, thanks to Darren Prince, to see him in the hospital just a week ago. And he and I were in box 113A in the front row behind first base in 1986 when the ball rolled through Bill Buckner's face. I was there. I was at that game. Where were you? Oh. I swear to God. Where were you sitting? I was sitting just behind the first base. I remember seeing Buckner's heel and seeing White behind that heel. And that's all I remember. I saw that ball roll through. And my wife and I were there freezing. Were you in the lower level or up? In the lower, in the orange seats at Shea Stadium. Yes. Yes. Dude, I was sitting literally 25 feet from Bill Buckner in the front row behind first base right where the dirt and the grass met. We were like in the same part of Shea Stadium. We were in the same uniform. Why did it take you so long to call me? I don't know. That's crazy, dude. That is absolutely amazing. That is amazing. All right. We're going to digress for like an hour, but not, they've got to re-sign Pete Alonzo. All right. We'll stop there. We'll stop there. Yes. There's Dwight and Mookie. Dwight and Mookie. My dad and myself. That's great. God bless, man. That's awesome. This was like a week ago. He just got out of the hospital, too. Thank you for all your prayers, by the way. My dad's out of the hospital now. Thank you. 80th birthday in the hospital and he's out. So if you had it all your way, kind of a two-part question, it's 100 years from now. I ask everybody this question, not just folks on this stage. This is people all over the space of certainly. It's 100 years from today. It's your final day. You have the blessing and privilege of knowing it is. From this day to that, what's there still that you'd like to accomplish? I mean, maybe taking up table tennis or chess, maybe making 10 more movies, whatever it is. Then when you're there, what is it that you'd like to be looking back on that you know your heart, your soul, that you brought to this planet, please? Oh, so the light easy question. I thought I was getting out easy. No, it's a great question. Not one that I've given a tremendous amount of thought to, but I think I always, I feel I always need to be creative in some way because it drives me. I got to direct an episode of Cobra Kai, the final season, and I loved working with those young actors, the older actors as well, but I really enjoyed working with the younger actors and them listening to me and me believing how much they were taking in. So, I got such a charge and a joy out of creating with them and caring about them as well. So, that's something I like to see myself do more of, more behind the camera and storytelling, figuring out ways of telling stories the way I grew up with them, but yet still sort of like what Cobra Kai did, embracing the nostalgia but being relevant at the same time, which is a challenge when you're competing with everyone's phones and short content. But I'd like to take some, I like to cook, but I've never, there's more, there's more there I need to tap into. I enjoy a nice glass of wine here and there. So, I mean, I think I'd like to get better at enjoying time cooking and just stopping and smelling the roses, if you will. I mean, it feels everything's just, you know, go, go, go, go, go. And I want to, my wife and I talk about it now as when we look at this chapter, I'll say it out loud, I'll be 64 in November. That's incredible. That stays in this room. And listen, I can see, you know, you feel, you feel like you're late 20s. Like you feel that way. Like, you know, and I feel people and I don't say things to just be kind. I say it because it's true. Your energy is just so infectious and youthful. And I really acknowledge that. Thank you. Thank you so much. I blame my parents. It's their fault. But I, you know, I look at it now at my life and what I've been able to accomplish and the blessings that I have and the work that I put into it and not taking anything away from who I am and that, you know, you put good out there, maybe good comes back. So I'd like to believe that that's, that has been true for me. But I think of 20 years, I think 20 years back, and it feels like last Tuesday. So I'm having these conversations with my wife, I think 20 years forward. And I'm saying, okay, what is this chapter where you say 100 years from now, but in the same to the same point is what I want to enjoy. I want to enjoy time with the people I love, of course. I want to, I want to stop and take something in that normally I have to rush past because life gets in the way. And obviously some folks don't have the luxury of that or being comfortable enough for that. But, you know, when I mentioned cooking, which just popped into my head, it's just, there have been times where I'll just make my, you know, Ralph's shrimp where I take in a little cayenne and mix it up with the garlic and it's making that noise in the big wok. And I'm getting excited, linguine's boiling, and I'm going to make the most delicious pasta. And I have the time to do that. I'm happy. And it feels great. And I'd love to share that. So it's like stopping for those moments, being creative, taking, like when I mentioned directing the kids on the show, taking what I've learned from the great Pat Morito or the Francis Ford Coppola or Walter Hill, John Avelson and filmmakers and actors. I've worked with Anthony Hopkins, someone I worked with only one day, and he had such a profound effect on me. I want to, I remember those things that I felt I learned from him. I would love to hand that. So it's paying that legacy forward, taking a piece of the wisdom that I've learned that I feel has shaped maybe the positive that I am and giving that to the next generation who is dealing with a world that is not always so positive and often is angry and hatred is a big part of the day. And I like being the elixir to that if I can. Wow. That is a powerful, beautiful thing. So as we begin to draw to a close, would it be okay? I'm sure a lot of folks would appreciate one more clip and then just feeling how that feels for you. That'd be okay. Go ahead. Think. No mercy. No mercy. Finish him. Fight. The new champion. You're all welcome. Thanks a lot. Go ahead. So how does that feel? It feels, the first thing I'm going to say, I got the chills and the things. I'm in it. It's like crazy. But it's, you know, it's just a, listen, it's just a beautiful payoff in the story and all that stuff and the crane, you know, if you could do it, it's going to work every time where it really doesn't work, but that's just between. I tried it. It's a little bit, yeah. It's, you know, it's cinema magic, certainly. It's Bill Conti's music. It's everything coming together. You know, it's hard to even put into words, you know, when I've seen it. It kind of never gets old. You know, I don't watch it daily. So it's been a few minutes, but seeing it again and feeling all you guys, you know, what it meant to you when you were in the theater or when you watched it with your kids and it's, you know, it's quite unique and it's really inspiring to me to be connected to that. You know, you don't always want to talk about yesterday in life. You want to talk about tomorrow and what you could be doing because you get lost in this nostalgia and not that I'm guilty of it. I have no choice.


everybody I meet wants to talk about in 1984, right? Cobra Kai helped with that a little bit. But I don't look at that as a negative. I get asked that question. A lot of actors don't want to talk about their most famous thing, or they'll say, I'll come on Sean's fireside chat, but don't ask me about that. Let's talk about other stuff. To me, the Karate Kid, Daniel LaRusso, since it's so on point in this setting today, that character is bigger than, and that story and what's happened is bigger than the actor who played the part, bigger than anyone in that movie. It's become a piece of everybody's childhood, or life, or inspiration. In a way, I just watch the end of that, and I'm saying, where are these movies now? I want one of these now. And to not miss the magic, I didn't tell them to clap. These people just reflexively were in the moment, clapping when that happened. And this is not a moment of nostalgia for much of the people, many of the people in this room. This is a living embodiment of the journey they're going through. And every time we watch this, and it's not purely inspirational, it's everything that Daniel LaRusso, Mr. Miyagi, yourself, Pat Morita, the movie, all the people involved that you so beautifully acknowledged and mentioned generously, integrously, and abundantly, it's the story of deep practice. It's a story of transformation. It's a story of possibility. And while, yes, it's a fictional tale, it's the truth of every hero's journey. We lose ourself, we find ourself through this progression of finding the guide, and then going through the trials, and the guide painting this picture for us of what we need to do. We want it. We're desperate for it. Then we find it, and they're like, four days, I'm your goddamn slave, man. I'm out of here. And it's like, da-da-da-da. Doom. Walks out of there. Walked in. And blah, blah, blah. And all of a sudden, this magical transformation at stage one is present. And the journey continues until you have this moment. And then the beauty moves. And I'll just say this from my heart. I'm certainly not speaking for anybody else here. I love the Karate Kid 2 and 3 because I'm not a critic. And I didn't watch the movies to be like, well, which movie's better, and is it just a repeat and a recycle? It's characters I love finding new stress and new challenge. In the Karate Kid 2, you're there for Mr. Miyagi. You're there taking that trip. You're there, and you're risking yourselves. And the third one, another challenge. You get annoyed. He doesn't go with you and tell you what you want to hear. So we have another fallaway in the hero's journey. And you lose yourself. And you find yourself. And it's beautiful. And it's spectacular. And I don't read what critics say. And I could care less. I'm not a movie critic. I'm a person that loves the characters, the story, and you and everything you brought forward. It is such a powerful inspiration and magical for you to be here. And just quick footnote, how do you not punch Johnny Lawrence in the face? At the end, he goes, hey, you're OK, Lou Rousseau. Every time he says that in the movie, I want to see you just punch him in the face in trouble. I'm OK. I just kicked your ass, dude, if you bully me in all these ways, which is also you and Daniel, because you're like, thanks. It's just so pure. That's the least that he could possibly have said to you after everything he did. And you just receive it so perfectly, graciously. Who doesn't wish and dream we could be that in the face of all the crap we take from the forces of darkness, and then just to receive it so graciously and humbly. And I think that's an easily overlooked moment. And people can even say, it's not real. And they could have made him not say that or something. I think it's even more magically beautiful in the end. And final, final, I believe that these dynamics of the films, that what if Johnny Lawrence is just something we all have to face? And what if that Johnny Lawrence is actually inside of us and our fear? And you could be like, never thought of that. The director's never thought of that. But that's the beauty of what you created, you all created, is it leaves us with this endless hero's journey, this mythology, this legend that lives on, not only mythologically, but so presently for so many people in the world and the people in this room. And final, final, is there anything you'd want this group to know, going out of here from how you make your pasta to what's on your heart? If you had one final message for these amazing humans, please, Mr. Ralph Macchio, what would it be? Wow. From my perspective, I know I've ad nauseum said paying legacy forward, but it's finding those moments in your life, at least for me, and some of them, the clarity doesn't happen until later. It happens at a surprising time. Even things that I learned from my own kids that I look back and see a small moment that I received something positive from them, but in the moment I didn't see it, and then later it becomes clear. I know I'm kind of tap dancing a little bit here as far as defining what I'm trying to say, but it's finding those moments in your life that are sometimes the quieter moments and not the loud moments, sometimes where the noise, the signal is clearer than all the noise, and finding the human side of that and paying that forward in some way. That's what I look forward to every day is finding those little pieces of something in my life that it's not always the loudest that I can take. I'm trying to find a specific example. I remember my daughter saying to me, I think she was going through, she had some bullying going on with her in school. This is back middle school time when it's the toughest, and I didn't see it. And you would think, who should be able to see this more than the karate kid guy? It was more covert bullying, less like take your lunch money, push it into the wall. She was being teamed up on by some in her circle. And I didn't see it. And my wife saw it before I did. And I might have, I wouldn't say downplayed it, but it was not on the front burner for me. And then years later, interestingly, I was doing a scene in a probably small television movie that connected to that same moment with the daughter. And it was just this realization of clarity of I saw clearer what I couldn't see as the dad on the day. And I had that moment with my daughter. And I spoke to her about it years later. Because it wasn't just, I'm not saying I just apologized for it. We had the conversation I wished I had at the time. But going forward, when I was working on Cobra Kai, sorry about the rambling, but I'm getting to the point. When I was working with the girl Mary Mauser, a wonderful actress who plays my daughter Samantha, and we were dealing with the same subject matter. I told her about my story with my daughter Julia. And when we played the scene decades later in Cobra Kai, there was a resonance from her perspective and mine that was of a next level. So it's finding those moments, even those missteps in your life, that you could gain clarity from later and then pay that forward. It feels good for, I won't say it was my parental fail, but it was not my brightest moment. And my daughter and I and Mary, and they're very close friends, and it was kind of a wonderful connection. So sorry about the long road to that story, but I was finding it as I was explaining. Let's hear from Masha. It is an honor. It is a privilege. And your legacy lives on everywhere and certainly powerfully resonates in this space. And not only yours, but that, of course, of Mr. Miyagi, Pat Morita, and all of those that were involved in the magic of The Karate Kid and the magic that you, Ralph Macchio, bring to the world. It has been an honor and a privilege, sir, and you're welcome back here any time. Let's hear it for Ralph Macchio. Thank you. Thank you. And may I bow to you? And thank you.
