I was scared to death of him. I was scared to death. That's why. I didn't do no stupid shit. How does that make you feel? We did it. I don't even talk about your mother, your sisters, and the sexes. Why he's fighting? Muhammad Ali in his prime with Angela Dundee. Mike Tyson, his prime. Cus D'Amato. What happens? What does that look like? What is that all about? Hey, welcome to the Sean Callagy Unblinded Podcast. We're causing people to see what they don't see about how to grow their money, their time, their magic with absolute integrity. We're here today with a master of masters. We're going to introduce you in one second, Mr. Mike Tyson. And my name is Sean Callagy. We are right now the number one business podcast and Apple podcast in the world. Yeah. We're all going to be the undisputed champs there, Mr. Mike Tyson. And we're going to give you a quick intro if that's OK. Yeah, Ting, please. Who's this man? Today, we welcome a living myth, a man who rose from the storm swept streets of Brooklyn to become the youngest heavyweight champion in history. Mike Tyson is not just a force of nature in the ring, but a symbol of raw resilience, transformation, and the relentless pursuit of truth. His fists wrote history, but his journey through triumph, pain, and redemption reveals a heart as fierce as his punch. Mike's story is one of power, vulnerability, and the courage to evolve. He's a warrior, a philosopher, and a beacon for anyone who has ever faced impossible odds and dared to rise again. Mr. Mike Tyson, welcome. Thank you, sir. Yeah, pleasure. So Mr. Tyson, we talk a lot about mentorship and leadership here. And your relationship with Customato is literally one of the most famed relationships ever between a mentor and an apprentice, two masters rising together. And you've spoken about so much what he meant to you, what it was. What I'd love to know is, just at the outset, what did he mean to you? How would your life have been different, you think, without the mentorship of Customato? I don't like to think about how it would have been different. It's just bad. It looks bad. So I'm one of those guys that believes it wasn't meant to happen, so it didn't happen. But if I didn't meet this guy, it would have been bad. I just can't believe how I met this guy. I met this guy from the sewer system of Brownsville, Brooklyn. And next thing you know, I'm 13 years old, and I'm in the presence of a master. How did that happen? I don't know nothing. Only thing I know is crime. That's all I know, crime. I've been in detentions all my life, reformed schools, and I'm in front of this guy. How did you meet him? And was it? I was in a reformatory. And this is how I started the boxing, because I had just, and I was in this other fraternity. And unfortunately, I stabbed somebody there. So they shipped me to this other place that was really not a nice place. Before, the other place, you could go outside, but you had stayed in this place constantly. And so I went there, and as I got there, I was locked up. I couldn't come in population yet. I saw guys running to the back, going to their rooms, and they had cracked ribs, they had cracked teeth, but they were happy. And I'm like, yo, what's going on in there? I couldn't believe it. Blood, they're happy, they're all good. And they said they're boxing with Mr. Stewart. It was an ex-professional boxer. They used to box with the kids if they behaved themselves. So these guys were always on the top, on the roll, because they wanted to box with Mr. Stewart. Even though he was killing them, they wanted to go and box with him. So I said, I'm gonna box this guy, right? The little white guy. I'm gonna go in there and box with him. I've never boxed before. You know, you think they're smaller than you, you could beat them. So I went in there, swinging away. He's weighing, he got me tight, hit me in the stomach. I've never been hit in the stomach in my life. I went down. Boo! And then I asked him, could you show me that stuff? And I never thought about being a boxer. I'm thinking about, I could do this, knock a guy out and go in his pocket. I never thought about being a boxer. So he started teaching me. Once I got my grades up, I had to get my grades up in order for him to do that. And he started teaching me and teaching me and teaching me. Then eventually, I hit him in the head. He got a black eye one day and he was mad the next day. And I didn't understand why he was mad, because he always kills me, right? But he was mad because his wife said, I can't, he can't box with me no more. But he said, don't worry, I'm gonna take you to somebody else and we're gonna go to the next level. I had no idea what he was talking about at all. He took me there, first met me and said, all these great things about me the first day that I didn't believe. I thought he was some weirdo kind of perv guy saying all these great things about me. He didn't even know me. He said, you ought to be champ if you listen to me. And everything he told me was right. I didn't know who this guy was, but he was like God sent, there's no doubt. When I met him, I believed in God. That's amazing, thank you. And the power of mentorship, leadership, God in the space, we'll talk about all that today. But what are other, I had the honor of interviewing Michael Rizzioni from the Miracle on Ice team, the Olympic gold medalist, right? He played for Herb Brooks and he would describe Herb Brooks as one of the most difficult, challenging, aggressive, but masterful humans. And his love for Herb Brooks resonates. I mean, Herb Brooks didn't save his life, the way Custom Motto saved yours. But the rise in his mastery was so powerfully present through the level of mastery that Herb Brooks demanded. And you're coming from a place where you can't trust people. You come up in gangs, we'll talk about that in a little bit, but there's all these people who try to use you, hurt you, lie to you, dynamics in your home, your folks, your beautiful relationship with your mom, absent dad, all these things are going on. And as you said, you thought Custom Motto was a weirdo. I had a hard relationship with my mother. I'm sorry? You said I had a good relationship, I had a hard relationship with my mother. I'm sorry, I didn't understand. I heard positive things. This is true. Yeah, so you had all these people who let you down in ways from your mom, dad, community, I'm sure teachers, people. You meet Custom Motto and you think for a second, he's a weird guy, lying, just saying nice things to you to use you, right? What were some of the hardest moments with him? We watched the movie The Karate Kid and Daniel at some point is telling Mr. Miyagi he thinks he's full of it and he's using him and he just wants him to sand his deck, wipe his floors. And he's ready to quit. We have times like that with Custom Motto, they're happier. Same thing. Yeah, please. You know, the same thing. He was a strong believer in discipline, to the T. Discipline to him was doing what you hated to do, but do it like you love it. You know what I mean? He loved the art of suffering. No, really, he loved the art of suffering. And what were some of the hardest things that Custom Motto put you through where you doubted him the most? Hey, listen, I never doubted him, I doubted me. I doubted me and I never could see what this man could see in me. This white, old, 70-year-old Italian man, what did he see in me? I was 12 years old, I never lived life, but as I get old, I can see now. Wow, but that's incredible that you didn't doubt him. No, because he told me this, he said, if you listen to me, everything I say and it don't work, you can go home and I'll give you money too, you can go. And I started listening to him and I started knocking people out and I became national champion, the world amateur champion, this guy, this guy. This was in a year. These guys, it takes years for these kids to win these titles that I'm winning. I'm winning them in one year. Yeah, I was a big star when I was a kid. One year, it takes people years doing this title. Me being with him, took me one year. Right, and for everybody to remember, because I think it could be easy, right? So hard for me to call you Mike, Mr. Tyson, but I'll call you Mike if you ask me to. So thank you, Mike. You are gifted, right? You had talent, you had ability. That don't mean nothing. Please explain that to people. That don't mean nothing. Right, explain that to people. You have to have the will and determination, the desire to win. Talent means absolutely nothing. Everyone has talent, everybody in this room has talent. But how far do you want to go with it? And I think that's such a critical point because so many people could look at you and see what you did at such a young age, and I think the point that I'm taking away most, and I think I'm learning today with you here, is that you, when you first started boxing, did not know how to box, right? The guy that's training you punched you and hit you in the stomach. Never in my life. Yeah, and then, because of a master meeting somebody with incredible talent and ability, you. No, not with desire, I wanted to do it. Well, that talent means nothing if I didn't want to do it. And why did you want to do it? Like, what was it that was making you feel good and want to put the suffering in with Customado? Like, what was the why? All these other kids are there. Okay. He made me believe that if you didn't do this, you were nothing. This was the thing to be the heavyweight champ of the world, the baddest man on the planet. He didn't know I'm on my head. He did a head job on me. Oh, God. How did he do that? I did read about some of the mind exercises and things and he would have you visualize. Oh, absolutely. Please tell us about some of that. Visualization, talk about, you know, day by day and every way. Well, I'm still crying thinking about my old, you know, saying that when I was a kid. And what was it that you would say? Day by day and every way, you're getting better and better and better. And that's just, that's the beginning stage. At the end of it, you'll be next thing you know, you'll say, I'm fucking God. It's just what it is. You start from day by day, but every way I'm getting better, better, better. Next thing you know, I'm the best fighter to ever live. That's just what confidence do to you. Confidence breeds success, success breeds confidence. Yeah, well, amen. And would it be okay if we shared, let's go to the, just the clip with Cuss real quick. Okay. Is that okay? Please. See him talking like that? Scares the shit out of me. I'm scared, I'm nervous, I'm not doing it right. I often say to him, you know, I owe you a lot. He doesn't know what I mean, but I'm going to tell him now what I mean. If he weren't here, I probably wouldn't be alive today. The fact that he is here and doing what he's doing and doing as well as he's doing and improving as he has, gives me the motivation and interest to stay alive. Because I believe that a person dies when they no longer want to live. But I have a reason with Mike here. And he gives me the motivation. I will stay alive and I will watch him become a success. Because I will not leave until that happens. How does that make you feel? Well, we did it. And this isn't like a contrived moment. Mike, I've had incredible mentors in my life too, that have caused things like, I wasn't world champ, I'd never be sitting here as a blind man. 75% of people like me are unemployed. And I'm here because I have my custom mottos. As my high school coaches in athletics, that drove me like crazy. And this is something we try to bring out to the world. Because the things that you're talking about, Mike, are the things that we want the people here to know. We don't want to talk about ear bites and hangover movies and all that's beautiful and it's fun and it's magical and all the things you did. But what people want is what you have. People want to feel the way you feel about custom motto, about somebody in their life. They want their life saved like you had your life saved. And that's what my purpose here in these next 30 minutes is to help bring out for people. Because if, as Mike Tyson said, if he could do this, maybe he can't be the champion of the world, but he can be the champion of your house. And he can build a business and do things. So I thank you people. That's what this is all about. Not necessarily about me being the champion of the world, but you're the champion of your world. You know, and that's what life is about. Being able to make, I said about Chris, Chris is always about sacrificing. You know, one day, here's one day he may not eat for two months. Yes, discipline, all about discipline. Do what he hates to do, but doing it like he loves it. He has loved starving himself or whatever it is. May not want to drink water for a week or something. He just likes pushing himself to the limit because he's so infatuated with discipline. Can I tell you the truth about something? Please. Yeah, so I thought a lot about these days coming up, and it's really attractive, interesting, fun, sexy to have. Mr. Mike Tyson here, you know, causes views, people are gonna watch because of it. The most important reason that I want to be in this room is because I'm gonna be the motherfucking champion of changing people's lives on the fucking planet. That is my outcome and my goal, and the people that put us together are helping us do that with the truth. Because I want to be what Custom Auto was to people's lives and their businesses, and I want to be here and feel the energy because I knew a lot of this backstory. Heard you, you know, all I'm gonna say is I had the privilege of meeting you at Tony Robbins' house and that day, the stories you told and what you said, this is what human beings need. People are so scared and so afraid, and I know I've asked you a couple times. I'm gonna try to ask you one more time though, Mike. What is so special about you is that you didn't tell him to go fuck himself. And so many people want to tell that person who is standing for their future to go fuck off. You had no training, no background in listening to people and being disciplined at that. What I don't understand is the miracle of you and how you didn't tell that white guy to go fuck himself and see him as using you. How did that happen so people who are listening could do the same thing so they can get the help they need and not be little runaway bitches running for their lives? I just wanna know. I was scared to death of him. I was scared to death, that's why. I didn't do no stupid shit. He put the fear of God in me. How'd he do that? I don't know, but he did it. Every day, I was his slave. Everything he told me I would do, if he told me to kill somebody, I would do it. Amen. And lock that in, everybody. Next time you feel like you gotta go to some consciousness retreat for mindset and being flow, that's the champion of the fucking world that people would say was the greatest heavyweight of all time. You should talk to yourself. No, we don't need to talk to nobody. I know it sounds crazy. You might wanna be God. Talk to yourself about that. You know, we don't know who we are. We might be God. We don't know. We might be the aliens we're talking about, or that guy be the alien. We might be, as a matter of fact, I think we are the aliens. They got us thinking that some alien, that we're the aliens. Yeah. Well, thank you. So, if I could ask you this, right? So, how do you tell the difference, though, right? So, at some point, Don King comes in. I'm not here, you know, I'm not here to put you, say anything you don't wanna say, right? But Don King comes in, he's gotta look like he's got a lot of value to bring to your life. He's gonna promote fights, do things. How do people, if you could go back and tell your younger self, like, would you still have entered the relationship with Don King? I don't know why, I'm gonna explain this to you. I lost my mentor, I was injured. I was sick, I wasn't strong anymore. I lost a major part of me. And so, that's why I was really vulnerable. I was looking for that role model. About how long was this, forgive me, I don't know this. How long after Custom Model passed is Don King swooping? Two years, probably. Well, you know, one year later, he died in 83. No, 84, 85. So this guy comes down a year and a half. Got it. All right, can we look at one thing real quick? We've got two more video clips. Let's go see when Mike Tyson becomes the undisputed youngest, the youngest heavyweight champion in the history of the world. Let's go take a look at that right now. That was a right to the body and an uppercut to the head, and Furvick is down. This one is going to be over, I believe. It's over. That's all, and we have a new era in boxing. The winner by a GKO, and youngest and new WBC Heavyweight Champion of the World, Mike Tyson. Well, I see my son in me just now. My little baby boy. See, he got a little bit of a beard. He's got a beard. He's got a beard. He's got a beard. He's got a beard. Boy. Let's see. Your son's how old now? He's 14. 14. You have a daughter 16, right? Yeah. So, how do you feel when you see that, and what did Customato say to you after that? Well, he wasn't alive. He died before he became a champ. I do, I'm sorry, from in your heart, your mind, what do you think Customato was saying to you? Oh, what he said about the fight? Yeah. You're sloppy. You meant moving your head. You're swinging one punch at a time. You're not moving your head. Listen. Let me explain what kind of guy we're talking about. Yeah. I had an amateur fight. And listen, man. Please, when I say this, man, you have to believe I'm very serious. I believe you. I'm an amateur fight. The national, the finals. I knocked a guy out in eight seconds, right? No, no, no. You know what Cust said? If that guy was a little bit more experienced, he would've hit you. You didn't move your head. You just went right through him, just powered him through like this, mostly just went through him without moving your head after you punched. If he was a little bit more experienced, he would've hit you. And I, you know, I'm scared. Like I said, I have the highest respect for him. And I'm like, yeah, you're right, because I do see that. You're right. I didn't believe that, but obviously, yeah, you do. Because I'm just afraid of the guy. I'm not going to say, no, because I was going to beat him. No way, because I would never talk to him. I thought I would never do. Then he'd never have to worry about me saying, you're wrong. No, that would never happen. I'd say, yeah, you're right. I'm going to work on that. I'm going to work on that. Michael and Michael, do you hear that? Michael and Michael, you hear that? No, we're good. Yeah. Yes. You're hearing it from this man. Listen, you didn't want him to go on a rampage. He was a anger freak. You didn't want him to go on a rampage. So you're like, yes, sir. Yes, yes, sir. Amen. And the power, the power of mentorship and leadership. You need it. Well, anyone that doesn't have one is going to be screwed on how much money he got or anything. We've seen it happen to the richest guys, how they just had nobody to take care of them and they went to shit. So let's go to that then, Mr. Tye. This is, and again, thank you. This is incredible. It really is. Like the value you're adding, greatest podcast we've done yet, facts. Love everybody. We've had a lot of famous people on. This is the best because it's the truth. It's not just, you know, luck and you had to work for everything, go man to man in the arena. Oh, 100%. Listen, my guy was, if I went to a school dance, right? And it was getting late and I was getting ready to say, oh, I'm gonna call, wait, I'm waiting for the cab. He said, waiting for a cab? I gotta stay up. Run, run home now. I got shoes on, I'm at the dance, the school, at the dance and I just leave my girl and start running. And she gotta catch a cab. I'm like, I can't wait for the cab. I'm serious, I gotta start running home. The shoes. Dressed up, looking nice in my gray and running home. That is amazing. Okay, so, Custom Auto Passes. What was that like for you? And how does that turn into a different era of your life? It was almost suicidal-like. I didn't want to exist anymore. I wanted to do it with him. He made this, excuse me. He made this fucking ride exciting. He was the one, he was the push. He made it exciting. I don't know what to do. I didn't know anything about being no champion. He made it exciting. From all my heart, I'm sorry. I am so sorry that happened. I'm sorry for you. I'm sorry for Custom Auto and I'm sorry for the world. Because what that would have looked like you rewrote boxing anyway. What would that journey would have looked like if Custom Auto was still there with you? It wasn't meant to be, it wasn't meant to be. He's the one that shaped this place up. He was so proud of me, too. I wasn't even proud of me. He liked me more than I liked myself. See what a mentor would make you do? What a great mentor would make you do that you talk about. Amen. He was a little guy, he wasn't afraid of nobody. Look how big you are, how tough you are, he wasn't afraid of nobody. And the reverence and love you hear from Mike Tyson, that's who you should beg to be your mentor, your coach, the person who's impacting you. Somebody who has the mastery of the skills and somebody who could cause this in your heart and your soul and your being. No, a little old man, 78, not afraid of nobody, knife, gun, anything, not afraid of you. Not afraid. So it's okay then, Mike, if I ask you, what happens from there when that mentorship is gone, the vacuum is created, other people come in, what does that do to your trajectory, your life, your career from there? It throws you off for a while. I got blinded, you know, I was just fortunate, you know what I mean, God, you know what I mean, blessed me to last long enough, I didn't give in, you know, because during those periods of time, you think about killing yourself, you know, and I didn't do it. A couple of times, when I got married, I thought about it, I got divorced, I thought about it, I just went through emotions, I never thought I could survive, you know, and I did it, I made it, you know, his training helped, you know. Thank you, and so, choices people make, you have all these influencers online, I love, there's a quote that you said recently, it was something like, I'm not gonna get exact, you put it out, something like, people can hide behind their keyboards now, and be disrespectful, and not get punched in the face, tell me about that, tell me about, we think about the world today, think about people posing, pretending to be something they're not, you know, please. It's just that we live in a world now that, and listen, I'm not picking on no particular group, or anything, I'm just saying what it is, you know, the computer, what's the thing we're on again? Chat GPT, or whatever it is, that's a pedophile, or a child rapist, that's his dream, to have that, that's his dream, those guys getting in touch with more kids than anybody does now, you know, and that's been, and it's been, I just didn't like, I don't like that, it gives all the bad guys all the power, you know, it does. Well, if you can go back, and give yourself some advice after Cuss passed, and talk to your younger self about it, donking, becoming a part of your life, you know, what would you tell your younger self? Because some of this was really valuable, you made a lot of money. No, listen, I made a lot of money, that wasn't invaluable, what was more valuable than making all that money was losing it. You know, that was more valuable than having any of it, you know, because you realize that that doesn't define you. You know, I realized, even more than myself, I realized people looked at me, you're Mike, with a billion dollars in your mic, with 40 cents, you're still Mike, you know. I never treated anybody bad when I was on top of my game, I never treated anybody bad when I wasn't doing what I, I was always Mike, and that's just what, that's just what I lived on. You know, broke Mike, rich Mike, whatever, I'm Mike. And how, if you gave advice to somebody though, right, so you had an incredible mentor that you believe cared about you in the way you wanted to be cared about, then later you had people come into your life that maybe, I'm not sure, but it seemed like from things I've heard and read that you've said, right, that didn't care about you. Well, there are mentors too, there are bad mentors, but there are mentors too, you learn from them as well. I look at everything that I experience in life as just a learning point, a learning moment in my life, you know, something that I can even make it a crutch so I can make it a good experience and learn from it. Yeah, and what did some of those people do? You know, it seems like Cus gave you discipline, he gave you tools, you know, and it seems like, from what I've read and heard, I'm not sure, right, you can tell me if I'm right or wrong, it seems like the bad mentors gave you vices, gave you, you know, parties and a surface level. Seems like Cus D'Amato gave you this deep level that you had purpose, and other people tried to give you surface level things, you know, jewelry and cars and women and things, like, am I hearing that correctly and true enough? This is, this is, this is what some people, this is, a guy like me, power's having a lot of money, to Cus power's giving money away. That's the difference between him and some people. And we believe the more you give away, the more powerful you are. That's awesome. Well, that's just how he think, I don't think I think like him, but that's just how he think. That's how he think, the more you get, the more you give. Awesome. And what do you think? What do you think from here? Like, what's, what's life about for you from here? You know, what's, you know, you have a beautiful family. That's what it's all about, you can't let the people you care about and the people that care about you and your guys just love each other, that's what life is all about. You can't love the people that don't love you, even if you love them, you can't make them love you, because it's not meant to be. It's just, the people with you, even if they're not blood family. I saw some people, and I've done it too, where sometimes your blood family's not doing right, so you have to make your own family in the street sometimes. So, and it happens. Whoever you consider your family, your lifelong friend, they'll stick together, and it's your guys against the world. Wow, thank you. And let's go back then in time to that. Let's talk about, you know, some bigger problems in the world. You've seen it up close and personal. You said coming from, you know, Brownsville and all the pain and insanity of that, what did gangs, why are gangs so attractive to kids? And is there any solution to that? And were there positive things that came out of, for you, being a gang? I was really never a gang guy. We had fools, friends. We never said we're this or that. We just had fools and friends, and we just hung together, we stole together, we just did a bunch of stuff together. But what you do get from gangs are power. Normally the guy, normally the big, tough guy on the grocery corner, you go to the store, he's there to pick you up. But now he knows you got 20 guys that you hang out, you hang out with those 20 guys in the corner all the time. He's not gonna say nothing to you but hi. That's just how it goes. He know you hanging out with all those guys that cause all that trouble, that shooting people, that shooting that people. Hey man, how you doing? He's not gonna bother that guy anymore, and that's a little guy. He's not gonna bother him never again. That's beautiful. So with that heart and that love, at one point you have a fight with an Olympic gold medalist, Michael Spinks, and me and my friend save up all of our money, and it costs like $40 to go see it in a movie theater about 20 minutes from here in Hackensack, New Jersey. We get our popcorn, we get our soda, we're ready to see Mike Tyson and Michael Spinks go at it. And would you give me my 40 bucks back? I was told that for a long time. So let's go see what that looks like. Oh God. He lands it ahead of Mike Spinks. It's Tyson all the way, round number one. Future shots to the body. Nothing really heavy landing yet, but he's taking them. The uppercut, body shot, there it goes. Mike Spinks for the first time. The count is up to four and five and six and seven and eight. That was a body shot that took him down. Here comes Mike Spinks in. He makes it right in. Wow. There he goes. I don't think he'll get up from this. Mike Spinks is laying flat on his back. The count is up to five and six and seven and eight. He won't be able to do it. It's all over. Mike Tyson has won it. Spinks almost fell back through. A dramatic first round knockout for Mike Tyson. Unbelievable strength. It came in the first round. I didn't even get a sip of my soda. That was really wild. I don't even know that guy. I look at that guy and say, who the hell? How do you feel about that guy that did that to Michael Spinks? He was just a child. I was in love for really the first time. I never had really a girlfriend before. And I'm 21 years old and I have a wife. You really, I probably had one or two girlfriends. The next thing you know, I have a wife. I didn't even, I wasn't even experienced with women or nothing. I just wanted to be a fighter. I was really a knobhead back then. And how afraid of you, when you came out there, could you feel the fear of your opponent when you were getting the instructions or you didn't feel that, you didn't think about that? What was present? What were you thinking was in your mind as you're standing there against Michael Spinks? Could you feel, it looked like you was afraid. I'm just waiting for the bell to ring. You know when the bell rings? That's not gonna do anything, it's looking at each other. You wanna hit the guy to make something happen. It's a little thing. That's awesome. Could you feel the fear of your opponents at that time, like that they would be standing there? Could you feel their fear or you weren't feeling that? I could feel, you could listen, you know? Let me, I'll try to explain this. It depends on the, it's all about energy. Sometimes I go into the ring, center of the ring with my attitude and the guy puts his head there and he doesn't look at me. And I go right to the corner and I say, this guy's coming to fight. And so I'm gonna keep my hands up and I'm gonna just try and move my hands so I can see he's coming. I could tell when a guy doesn't look at me, normally nine times out of 10, probably eight out of 10, he's coming to charge right at me, he's coming at me. It never fails, it never fails. Because I see the energy tells me I'm giving it all, I don't give a damn. It's gonna go all up there and give it my best. And that's pretty scary, because if somebody comes out and he doesn't care, you know, anything can happen. Has nothing to lose. There's a nerve, he come back a little nervous to the ring. You say, wow, he's gonna give it all out in the first round. Well, thank you for that. So, how many minutes do we have left? 10. 10, okay. So. We here for 30 minutes already? 35. Really? We're having fun. We kicking it. Yeah. So now, okay, I'm gonna ask you some questions that, again, I promise, not trying to put you on the spot. Put me on the spot, I want to be on the spot. Okay, I love Muhammad Ali. I love Mike Tyson. Muhammad Ali and his prime with Angela Gundy. Mike Tyson, his prime, Cus D'Amato, what happens? Like, what does that look like? What is that all about, right? So, Muhammad Ali never loses those years in his career. Cus would have loved that fight. Cus loved Muhammad Ali so much. He would have loved that stuff. I love Ali, Ali's the greatest ever in my mind. I just think he's the greatest. He inspired me. When I first saw him, I was in an institution called Sparfin in New York City, and we came there and they showed the movie. It was about 1977. They showed the movie, The Greatest. Then the lights went on and Muhammad Ali walked in. You know, like, I go to visit those kids at home. He came to visit us. I said, wow. And I wanted to be like, I want to be like that guy. And then next time I goes to the next reformatory, there's some guy in there that teach people how to box. It was just ordained by God for it to happen. For me to see him, I said, wow. So, what do you think that fight, before you get into who would have won or lost, like, what do you think the fight would have looked like? What would it have been like, like putting your styles together? Like, tell us about that fight. This is what's different about Muhammad Ali that other people don't see. Ali is, he's just different. It's hard to explain. It's just hard to explain this guy, you know, because he's the kind of guy, like, when you say a guy like Lister and George Floyd, those guys are ferocious animals, monsters, and they kill anybody. But Ali handles him, those two guys, like they're nothing. Those guys, anybody else, those guys would kill him, wipe the floor with them. But Ali beats them like they're nothing. And then they fight Ali, Ali's like, two from there, he fights Frazier's like, two from there, anybody could win. He fights Norton, then two from there, anybody could win. Norton and Frazier fight these guys for him, for him, it kills them like they're nothing. They fight Ali, Ali gives, they almost kill each other, him and Ali. Ali fights these monsters, he kills them, he knocks them out. So, styles have a lot to do with fighting. You know, the bigger and tougher you are, the more Ali kicks your ass. These guys that are not as tough as those other guys, they give them tough fights for some reason. Styles make fights. So how about putting your styles together? What would that have looked like? What do you think would have happened? What do you think Custom Mata would have said would have happened? Wow. I don't know, he never would have, he told me nobody in the world could beat Muhammad Ali when I was a kid. Well, here's something I'm gonna tell you, and I'm not a boxer, I was a baseball player, a football player, a wrestler, and I'm not Custom Mata. And here's something I have never wanted to admit, because Muhammad Ali was my favorite of all time, right? Is I truly believe, and I don't wanna say this, but I truly believe you would have beat Muhammad Ali. And at that Spanx fight, my friends and I sat there, and they were even bigger Mike Tyson fans than I was. I really appreciated you, I was like, you're great and amazing, but I loved Ali. So anything that was even getting near Ali's legend, I was like, no, no, no, no, no, right? So I was like, Larry Holmes, no way, he beat Muhammad Ali when Muhammad Ali was already old, no way, no way. So when you were coming up, I was afraid that you were gonna become the greatest of all time and replace Muhammad Ali. I truly believe this. I do believe you would have beaten Muhammad Ali. Thank you. I do. Yeah, I know, but that's pretty awesome, I really appreciate that. You know, but me, when I look at Ali, I think of the guys he beat and the kind of men that he beat, the personality they are. Like, listen, as soon as they come off the airport or bus station, they see a cop, a cop, this is during racist times, late 50s, early 60s. He see a cop, he goes right after, what? Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. They killed blacks for so much less than that back then. And you know, and Ali beat these guys like they're nothing, talk about their mother, talk about screwing their sisters in mother's wife fight. You know, listen, you think I'm playing, I'm not playing. Listen, Ali was fighting foreman, right? And the announcer ones that talked to the referee what was going on in the clinches with him and foreman. Oh my God, I can't say what he was saying. Oh, you can't believe what he was saying about the guy's sister and his mother. I just can't tell. The referee was saying, he was just saying, I can't say what he was saying. I just can't believe he said it. And he said, I can't believe he has time to say that while he's fighting. Ali would talk about your mother, your sisters, having sex with, while he's fighting. While he's fighting, he's talking about all this crazy stuff. Ali wasn't a normal guy, man. Something was wrong with him. How are you in the fight of your life, this guy's a killer and you're talking about his mother and his sister and doing things, oh God. Did Joe Frazier, did you hear this man? This man is crazy. He's talking, no one, how do you talk about a guy's mother? Joe Frazier thinks he's totally out of his mind. How does he have a chance to talk while he's fighting? He's talking about their mothers and sisters, God. So what I'm hearing Mike Tyson say is that the reason Muhammad Ali was the greatest or may have been the greatest, who knows what would have happened with Mike Tyson without the loss of Customato, who is, I mean, inarguably, people say that you, Ali, are the two greatest heavyweights of all time. Which is interesting because Rocky Marciano was undefeated, it was a different time, a different place. But what I'm hearing you say is that the reason, one of the reasons Muhammad Ali was so great and so successful is because his influencing skills, his ability to control people's minds when they fought, like the rope of dope and Zaire. Absolutely, he gave people hope. Tell us about that. No, he just gave people hope, he beat the greatest odds. That's what was big about Ali. When everybody think he was gonna lose, the Liston, a monster, then after that, then Liston protege, another ferocious, vicious, scary monster, then he beats them like they're nothing. People are worried, people are writing letters, please don't fight him, don't fight him, then he beats these guys. Because Joe Frazier had beaten Ali after he came out of the Supreme Court thing, and then Foreman destroys Frazier, right? And Norton as well. And Norton as well. And then people. They both beat the shit out of Ali, Frazier and Norton. They're the only two guys that beat Ali. This guy gets obliviated, though. Incredible. Well, I mean, how amazing is it an honor to talk to Mike Tyson about Muhammad Ali in these fights? Like, this is a dream of mine. So thank you for that as well. In our final couple minutes, you know, Mike, the, what do you do for fun? I mean, you're family, I know you love pigeons. I knew somebody who knew you at one point, I think you had a hawk, is that right? At one point you had a hawk that you played with in the desert, right? I was on the phone one time with someone who was on the phone with you when you were out with your hawk in the desert. And that was a fun, special moment. I was like listening as you were doing that. But what's fun for you now? I know you love animals, I know you love kids, you have a charity. Believe it or not, I can't believe I'm this way it's my wife and my kids. You know, it's a trip. And I mean, all the kids, all eight of them, not just the younger ones, because all of them, they all became, even though we have our different beliefs and stuff because they're adults, but we always support each other, we're always family together. And some of them don't get along, but I know they fight together for each other. We're just family, you know? And sometimes I wonder myself, I wonder what it's like being my sibling, being my daughter. Is that a pain in the neck or something? Is that pressure? I'm sure it is. I'm sure it is. How about this, like, movies? So I know you said you love cartoons. Yeah. I know you love the Rocky movie. I know you love Bruce Lee. Any other things? So I know you love Rocky, Bruce Lee. Any other cartoons, things? What are movies, heroes, stories that you like to watch? Wow. I love the Jet Li movies and all that stuff. The Sunday movies on Kung Fu Theater and all that stuff when I was a kid. That's pretty much inspirational stuff. And mostly they're fighting. They're not fighting another clan, they're fighting the Japanese. And it's all about sacrifice. You're stronger than me. The people will follow you, so let me sacrifice my life and you come back and avenge me. You know, in America, you say, I'm gonna sacrifice myself and you avenge me. You say, yes, go sacrifice. Soon as you die, boom, to hell with you. We take all the money for ourselves. But those guys, they just gave you dignity and pride. And all the black kids went through that. That was the cause of the gang theory too. We all stick together as one. The Chinese movies, that's what that was all about. We stick with our clan and we avenge each other. Thank you. Mike, I'm hearing respect, honor, leadership. And so if maybe we begin to draw to a close with this, do you think about being remembered? Some people, I don't care about that. And some people, do you care about being remembered? And if so, what do you wanna be remembered for? Not that much, but if I have to be remembered for something, I'd never fuck nobody over that didn't have it coming to them. Me too. That's what I wanna be remembered for. Amen. I wanna thank you for the honor of coming here today, the trust. I thought this was gonna be amazing and masterful. It blew my mind. It was 100x, but I swear to God. Do I say what I don't mean? No. I do not. Did you talk to my wife? I will. Did you never talk to her? I will. If you can talk to Bella, I'll talk to your wife. You never talked to her, huh? She had all the nice things, she knew everything about you, and you never talked to her, huh? I didn't, yeah. Wow, I thought you'd talk to her before we got this going on. I would be honored to. No, she knew everything about you, that's why. No, thank you. That's why I thought you'd talk. And sometimes, that's interesting. Thank you. And what I'd love you to know as we close, is I think that people chase the wrong things. What Custa Mino taught you is what I was taught by incredible high school coaches and leaders. People told me I could never be a Division I athlete, and baseball player I was, captain of my team. I was gonna go on and play professionally if it wasn't for going blind, and I channeled it into the business and the things we do. And what I would love you to know about me as we close is that there's, in the world, Mr. Tyson, is that there's people out there who really do care like Custa Mino did, and I'm one of those people. And my life, my stand is for people to unlock their greatness. And what you have done for me today is priceless, because here's what it is. I back off sometimes the way Custa Mino didn't. And I give space to people in ways I shouldn't, because I don't want them to feel bad, I don't want them mad at me, and that's not what Custa Mino did for you, it's not what my coaches did for me, because Mr. Mike Tyson, you blessed me on a Saturday morning with coming to this space. You've made me a better leader, you reminded me of the truth, and I am gonna be a 100x more powerful, more effective leader than I was walking out the door. I was doing pretty good before, but you've made me better, and so is Custa Mino, and it's been an honor and privilege, Mr. Mike Tyson. I can't believe my wife hasn't talked to me. She told me that she was talking about you and that she knew you and talked to you and everything. Thank you, thank you. And any final things that you'd like to share today? I'm just happy that I came here, I'm just really happy that I came. Thank you, God bless you, sir. Thank you so much, brother. Thank you, thank you. Mr. Mike Tyson, everybody, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's an honor. Thank you.
